For any tourist or anyone doing a stayaction, The Chicago Trolley and Double Decker Company is a fun and an affordable way to the see the city.   Their website is very informative regarding each of the tours is offered.  You can purchase your tickets on-line or at any of the tour stops.  I have been on the Signature Tour which stops at most of the top tour attraction throughout the city.  This time, we chose the West Neighborhood Tour.   The tour begins at the Millennium Park stop.  From the beginning, our guide was very outgoing and very knowledgeable about the city.  He pointed out various buildings until we reached our first destination which was Chinatown.  You have the option to continue on the tour or explore Chinatown.  We have been to Chinatown several times, but it's always fun to walk around the area.  The tour bus/trolley will pick you up at the designated spot and time. The next neighborhood on the tour is Little Italy area.  Claudette was our tour guide on this portion.  She was very pleasant and has a great personality.  In this area, this isn't really much to see.  It is a great area to stop for a bit to eat.  I just believe there is a Papa John's restaurant is this area.  What's next Domino's?  For real Italian food, this is the area.  On the way to the next destination, Greektown, more of the prominent buildings are discussed.  I thought it was really interesting until Claudette got on her "Shrine to Oprah" tour.  It got old very quickly.  For the record, Oprah did not turn the West Loop area, it was already in transition when she moved out there. The next stop was Greektown.  Another part of the city where there is not much to do for tourists except for having a great meal.  How can you turn down great food?    We had a great meal before heading back to the Millennium Park stop.  The West Neighborhoods Tour is a great tour to visit three 'hoods.   Since I live on the north side, I thought I'd take the North Neighborhood Tour.  Actually, the tour guide was knowledgeable about the Gold Coast, Lincoln Park, Lakeview and then to Wrigleyville.   Since I had a three day pass, I took advantage of the City Lights Night Tour the following night.  This tour also goes through the Streeterville and Gold Coast areas.  We took the 6pm tour.  Our guide, Adam, was fantastic.  Very knowledgeable and has a great sense of humor.  For any tourist, if possible, take this tour after dusk when the city lights are on.   I would highly recommend the three (3) day tour pass to ensure to see the entire city - most economically.
