Hello, My family and I visited your wonderful city over the Easter weekend .  on Saturday April 3. We started  with your hop on hop off tour and we first got on a double decker, and it was fun and the guide gave some really good information. And then we got on the trolley and our day CHANGED COMPLETELY. The Trolley Driver Bill made an unforgettable Impression on our Family When we got on his trolley he made our family feel welcome and he was very personable, As this portion of our tour began we thought it was going to the same tour with the same information, But it wasn't  His knowledge of the city was mind Blowing he mixed historical stuff with movie stuff and some of the humor was cheesy but funny we had a Blast with him.. even this many days later we are still Laughing about his popcorn joke and Han solo Jokes.... But that wasn't what left the impression, Bill talked about Soldier field and  McCormick place when we got to gold star park is where we will remember the tour the most My Father a Former marine & 25 year veteran of the New York city police department, was literary brought to tears when we got too this park Bill's knowledge of The Chicago police department and the way he talked about why the park was built really got to my dad and made him cry But cry in a good way he heard the pride in Bill's voice and the respect he had for the Fallen officers. made my father so proud of his service knowing that there are people out there honoring fallen hero's Just touched my dad.. My Father would never say that to Bill so I thought I should send this email, By the time we hit the pier Bill had given us so mush information we wanted to take notes haha  He pointed out some great places to eat and where we could get the popcorn. we then went on Michigan ave and the tour just got better Bill gave us some great stuff about the mag mile  By the time we hit stop 9 we didn't want to get off But Bill made the city sound like so much fun we wanted to take some pictures and get our free Hershey Bar, we got off the trolley and had a great time in your city Also Bill told us some funny stuff about what has happened since he has been driving and we thought that was just awesome to have stranger make us feel that comfortable and safe. As a family we have been to every major city in the country and we always do the touristy thing and we have never heard a tour guide like Bill we LOVED HIM  THANK YOU AND THANK BILL FOR US Jayme P.s. it is very rare to find someone like Bill he needs to be commended and recognized for his good work, we will be back in July for the taste of Chicago and we hope Bill is our tour guide
