Traveling with two children under the age of three is scary, but Comfort Suites made our trip to Chicago relaxing in every way.   The room was spacious, with enough room for our kids to run around (after we shoved the coffee table into the closet).  The windows, which overlooked busy Michigan Ave and part of the river, went all the way to the floor, so they were perfect for the kids to lie on their bellies and watch the boats, people, taxis, busses, etc. It was literally hours of entertainment for them to watch the world go by from the 18th floor.  The furniture was modern and in good condition.  The carpet seemed quite clean. There was no "stale" smell I normally associate with hotel rooms.   The bed was comfy.  And we were provided a nice crib for our youngest. The kitchen exceeded our expectations.  We mostly used it to store our leftovers in the fridge, but someone could actually cook and eat their meals for a week there if they wanted to.  The small washer and dryer were great, and we did use use them once- kids do have accidents.   We found the hotel to be in the perfect location for walking to parks, museums, and stores.  There were great restaurant choices nearby- fine dining, pizza delivery, and family-friendly favorites like Chipotle and Subway.  We could even walk to Trader Joe's to pick up some fruit and snacks.   The staff was friendly and helpful.  We always had the front door opened for us when coming and going with our stroller.  They were understanding about our requirements for a late check-out. A couple things I should mention, that could be considered draw-backs: the elevators were extremely slow.  There did not seem to be a freight elevator for the housekeeping staff so at times we were forced to wait several minutes to go up or down.  There was quite a lot of street noise like sirens and motorcycles at night.  It didn't bother our family, but I can see how some might have trouble sleeping.  The breakfast buffet was a disappointment as the hotel seemed to be out of many things.  There were no eggs, bacon, Danishes, that I've read about in other reviews.  We even ran out of plates the second morning there.  It seems that this might not be a chronic problem, but either someone dropped the ball on ordering supplies or Memorial Day weekend screwed up a shipment.  Again- not a huge problem for our family.  As long as there was coffee, we were happy.   There is no question that we would stay at Comfort Suites again.  It was an economical choice for our family of four and we felt like we were staying in an apartment, not a typical hotel room.
