Scream it from the rooftops-the Comfort Suites in Chicago is the coolest thing since James Dean donned leather. Since Alice Cooper guested on the Muppet Show.  Hell-since Divine first put on a wig!!   Thank GOD for Yelp.   T'were the folks here that hipped us to this gem, and their praise was not in vain.  It started when I called to reserve a room.  The guy was pleasant and knowledgeable, immediately e-mailing me confirmation info.  The king-sized hookup was the same price as the queen right then and I was skeptical, having been hoodwinked in the past. After a lengthy but fun journey, we somehow landed in downtown Chicago smack-dab in the middle of a nightmarish rush-hour clog.  Hungry and road-weary, we inched along, cut off by supply trucks and cabs as the GPS malfunctioned, guiding us in a laborious circle to nowhere.  It was time to cry uncle when the blasted thing directed us into an underground parking version of the street above that resembled an Escheresque urban labyrinth.   We called Comfort Suites and VOILA!  A sweetheart of a guy patiently guided us out of that ceement hell and into the waiting arms of their valet service, located at the nearby Hard Rock.    Finally in the lobby, the friendly folks there took care of us, even whipping out a bunch of menus for local joints that deliver to the hotel.    Flipping on the lights, I was agape.  For literally fifteen dollars more than a crappy motel room on the outskirts of town, here was a gorgeous, clean little corner suite many floors up with a giant bed, flatscreens, sitting room with couch and desk, a separate kitchen with oven, microwave, large fridge, breakfast nook and cooking space, our own washer and dryer and more-right in the heart of downtown! The numerous windows and corner location boasted STUNNING views, and I immediately threw open the drapes to take in the city night, awestruck.  We ordered up delicious food and settled in as our traffic-induced blood pressures plummeted.  Later that night, yet again mesmerized by the view, I began to notice the flowing river begin to freeze over.  By morning it was all white and crispy on top, amazing.   Their "Savory Starts" breakfast was a Godsend. My eyes looked like Large Marge's as I took in the large spread including coffee, drinks, a waffle bar, bagels, pastries, eggs, sausage, cereal, fruit, and much more.  A very friendly lady in charge of it all told me I could grab a tray from our room and load it up with delicious nibblies to bring back up for myself and my sleeping beau.   If this all wasn't fab enough, the NOON checkout time is the icing on the Comfort cake!
