My stay at the Conrad in Chicago was the best experience from start to finish! I booked this trip for my mom and brother as a Christmas gift. We had never been to Chicago, so I was nervous about my choice but the Conrad was perfect. I did have one slighly stressful situation. I accidently cancelled my reservation on the Hilton app the day before arriving and wasn't able to get the same suite I originally had, so this meant changing rooms and splitting rooms during our trip. Upon arrival they worked it out for us and we got the large Executive Suite I wanted, so we could stay together and in the same room the whole trip. The room was amazing. It was huge with great views of Michigan Avenue and the Lake. The living area was seperated from the bedroom which gave us plenty of space. The bathroom was huge with a glass shower and jetted tub that were perfect for relaxing. I don't know what the standard rooms are like, but this was worth the extra cost. The room below us had a terrace which would be great in the summer. We ordered room service when we arrived after traveling all day. My favorite thing at the Conrad is probably the 24 hour room service. My brother ordered a breakfast meal and I got the chicken. Both were great.The staff was incredibly friendly. If we called for anything (towels, room service, wine, turn down, etc.) the same person came everytime, so it was nice to see the familiar face instead of a complete stranger. The bar in the lobby was always full in the early evening. We couldn't find seats in the bar one night, so had to sit in another area but were still served as if we were.Drinks were good (little pricey)and the service was great. Our last night we ate at the hotel restaurant. We were the only people in the entire restaurant during our dinner. Again, the service was top-notch with Abel as our server. The staff went above and beyond for us with everything, the location was perfect and the hotel is beautiful. It is pricey, but well worth it and does not disappoint. Highly recommend enrolling in Hilton HHonors before your stay. We will be staying at the Conrad everytime we come to Chicago.
