So bummed they just focus on Costa Rica cause I would love to use Costa Rica Experts for all my upcoming vacations. I worked with Brandon starting about 6 months ago to plan an adventurous yet relaxing Costa Rican adventure to celebrate our 5 year anniversary. I did a little bit of research ahead of time (thanks to friends who had traveled to Costa Rica), but Brandon proved to be a wealth of info. There are so many different areas to visit in Costa Rica, but with Brandon's help we narrowed it down to Manuel Antonio and Papagayo. Brandon suggested to do all the adventurous stuff in Manuel Antonio, which included a moderate walk thru the national park (saw monkeys and other wildlife galore), horseback riding and white water rafting. All our activities, drivers, hotel reservations etc were organized perfectly and we woke up everyday not having to worry about what to do and how to get there. We basically just needed to walk downstairs at the times provided in our itinerary. In Manuel Antonio we stayed at the Gaia Hotel, an amazing 20 room boutique hotel. I had heard from friends that the rooms were a bit small so Brandon made sure we had a suite that was spacious. We then made a 5 hour drive (transportation also organized by Costa Rica Experts) to Papagayo where we planned to relax and enjoy the Four Seasons Resort. By far one of the (if not THE) best resorts we've stayed at. I didn't have Costa Rica Experts plan anything once  we got here since I planned on just enjoying the sun, but we ended up taking advantage of many of the activities organized by the Four Seasons. We probably could have planned all our adventures thru the Gaia as well, but I liked having it all planned out ahead of time. Between 2 little kids and a busy job I don't have much time to spend researching vacations and Brandon did all the work for me. There is no extra charge (they make $ thru the hotels and activities they book). It was also just $100 to secure the trip when we booked it months ago and then the entire balance was due 2 months before the trip. I also liked that everything (besides food) was paid for when we got on vacation so we didn't need to worry about dealing with their currency outside of meals. We booked our flights on our own since we wanted to use miles, but they'll take care of that if you'd like as well. A snowstorm hit Chicago the day we were supposed to return from Costa Rica. I emailed Brandon in a panic for hotel suggestions near the Liberia airport in case we got stuck. He responded immediately with a suggestion and also the # of someone else at the agency who would be around to help us if our flight was canceled.  Fortunately (or perhaps unfortunately since a longer vacation would have been lovely) we didn't have to use the #, but it was nice knowing we weren't on our own in case something did happen. I will definitely be using Costa Rica Experts again to plan future trips to CR and will cross my fingers they open up other divisions for travel to the rest of the world!
