I'm not from Chicago & I'll start with that: I'm from a very small town. But I don't usually attract attention and I think I was born to blend into crowds. Somehow that's lost on the train lines in Chicago. On the green line, I feel too young & too female & white. On the blue line I feel too tall & "normal" - while the red line makes me feel like a weirdo to the north side. And the good ol' purple line is a mixed bag so everyone but the dressed-up professionals sticks out. I only rode the pink line once but I was stared at and so was my book: "Habibi" by Craig Thompson. Now let me start on this brown line business. It's full of sad and self-absorbed yuppies who not only want to blend in but they expect you to blend in, too. For crissakes, it's the only line with what is it, like 8-10 single seats in every car? At least the red line was updated with some cyberpunk style. Things that evidently aren't okay on/because of the brown line: -Riding with a bass amp on your lap -Reading the Communist Manifesto -Going a convenient way around the Loop outside rush hour -Getting within a foot of anybody -Rush hour as a general concept -Getting from, say, Rogers Park to North Center in under an hour -Customers after 1:00 a.m. (Ahh but there are still five stars, Caitlin, why is that?) -The way the cars have to stop when the train crosses Rockwell -The accent in the recorded voice: "Attention customers. An inbound train, tooooward th' Loop, will be erriving shortly." -Tourists & DePaul parents saying "Paul-een-a" and that I can laugh at them -That nap I took from Damen to Fullerton last spring (a short nap) -The time I walked to Kimball when I was lost and the intercom when a kid (the only other person there) was poorly supervised: "Customer service is req- Customer service is required at the kiosk. Customer ser- Customer- Cust- Customer service is req-" -And I'm sorry but as someone who takes the red line downtown regularly, the view of the river on a Loop-bound train is just too much not to mention. If anybody sees Live Leaves by Unwound floating around in a Laurie's Planet of Sound bag, that's mine.
