Great stay here - I would love to come back! Overall, great experience. Absolutely nothing wrong with the hotel room - felt and smelled really clean, decent view of the city, coffee maker in the room, warm cookie (with walnuts) at check-in, nice brand-name bathroom products... The lobby is really nice, no outlets or anything too fancy but comfy chairs to wait in for your transportation out of the hotel. Pros: room service, restaurant downstairs and a really conveniently place Einstein's Bagels. Also very close by: Panera, Chipotle, Potbelly Sandwiches and few other places. I would recommend using GO Airport Express to and from the nearby airports. If you book online you save a few bucks and it goes straight to the Double Tree. It was by far the easiest and least stressful airport transportation option for this hotel specifically. I was visiting Northwestern Law School for an interview - perfect place to stay. Really close by, I walked there and back in heels twice. The Northwestern rate also got me the room for $99 and I got FREE WIRELESS INTERNET! The checkout process that got the hotel an extra star: I had that interview with Northwestern Law School at 11am. I wanted to be able to leave my bag in my room, come back and change into regular clothes before waiting for my 2:50pm shuttle pick up time. I called to ask for late check out the night before and they told me to call back in the morning (a bit of a pain, but I get it). So I called in the morning and without a charge they gave me a 1pm check out time - not bad. I asked for 2pm but they said that would cost me $50 so I left it at 1pm. After the interview, I decided to do a guided tour of the building which ran late. I was totally panicking but I didn't want to cut the tour short so I stayed at the school until 1:15pm! I called and figured they'd force me into paying that $50 for the late checkout time (or more since I did it without warning!). The guy on the phone was so understanding and just told me I'd need to get a new key. I got the hotel at 1:25pm and a different guy at the front desk was ALSO super nice - he told me to take my time and just come checkout when I was ready. I didn't end up checking out until 1:40pm - it was the guy who helped me out the phone and he even commented "wow! that was fast!". I was so confused - I took up that room right up until they wanted to charge me and they were just so accommodating it was lovely. I grabbed a bagel sandwich at that super conveniently located Einstein's Bagels right in the lobby and waited on their comfy chairs watching a show on my iPad until my shuttle came. What a great experience!
