Doubletree has built a respectable name for itself in which I began to trust. Therefore, when booking a hotel, I'd choose to stay at one that is known rather than the smaller no-name ones because I know that there is always a standard that needs to be met. Upon arriving at the Doubletree, I was nervous as to how my experience would be due to the Yelp reviews I've read. Luckily, I had a pleasant stay here. My reservation was a total of 3 nights. Check-in time is at 3 PM. I thought this was rather late considering that my plane landed at 12:40 PM, however, the baggage claim, metro ride from Midway and a .8 mile walk from the Orange line, we made it here around 2:30 PM. They let us check in a little bit early without any question and even had a long line formed. As mentioned by other guests, we received free cookies upon check-in. Our room was clean and tidy, I did not find any chicken wings or any of that sort underneath my bed. I really enjoy their "Careline" that they had because we kept calling them to ask questions and get a refill on toilet paper. They had toilet paper sent to our door, which was nice. The man who handed me the toilet paper even gave me tissue paper! Score! He was extremely nice and courteous. However, I had to go to the front desk upon multiple occasions and I felt like there were always people waiting around and the service was a bit slow. It took quite a while for them to figure things out and it seemed like they moved a bit slowly. On the other hand, my friend forgot his toothbrush at home so I went to the front desk and they had complimentary spare ones, yay! (which took a while to get because of the line and wait). The only complaint my friend really had was that it was so humid in the rooms and the heater system ruined our throats.The location is not too bad and not too far from everything I wanted to visit. It's about 0.4 - 0.8 miles from everything. It's also about 0.2 miles or less away from a Walgreens and a Whole Foods. Check out is at 12 noon, which you can request to extend your stay. I requested for a later check out and got 1 PM. One hour, meh... but I'll take it. They have a computer in the front where you can print out your boarding passes for free, how convenient! Also, when you check out of your room but still have a while until your flight, you can check your bags in with the bellhop. Everything that they provided at this hotel made my life a lot easier and my trip less stressful. Overall, I would stay here again if I were to visit Chicago (but probably not because Chicago winter weather was too brutal for this Californian).
