I stayed there this past Friday for my girlfriend's 28th birthday. From the moment I requested a specialty reservation - asking for flowers to be in the room, and champagne and strawberries to be delivered - I knew I was getting an experience above and beyond normal - even most luxury - hotels. Within an hour of my booking online, due to my special request, I was called by both the concierge staff and a sales representative who also connected me with the kitchen for details on Champagne and desserts to be delivered upon arrival. Every member of this hotel staff wants to make your stay absolutely exquisite. I was surprising my girlfriend, which I am surprised I pulled one over on her, for her 28th birthday. The sales staff had asked if it was a special occasion and I mentioned that indeed it was. Arriving at the hotel was great. Firstly, there's no sign, just a European courtyard that you walk into - which was GREAT for surprising my girlfriend. After the doors were opened by friendly staff, and I was greeted at the front desk, they immediately said "Happy Birthday, Mary!' to my girlfriend, which made her day, and said "We've given you a complementary upgrade to a suite with a living room, fireplace, and balcony." Due to the frigid weather we've been having in Chicago, we utilized the fireplace a lot. The rooms are modern, tasteful, and elegant. The heavy black doors match the dark decor and the DOORBELL at the entrance to your room....yes - a DOORBELL. The suite was unbelievable - and from reading a couple reviews below, it looks like Elysian doesn't give complementary upgrades sparingly. The room was absolutely amazing - the nicest I've stayed in. Modern, sleek, tasteful. The art in the room - and generally in the hotel - adds wonderfully to the experience. The Bathroom was perfection. Large 2 person soaking tub. Rain shower. Double vanity mirrors. Well designed, spacious and somewhere that you don't want to leave.  There was a remote control on the counter, and I said to my girlfriend..."There's a TV in here?" but I couldn't find it. After hitting the power button, a light flickered behind one of the mirrors....the TV was IN the mirror.   From exquisite informed service, the free suite upgrade,  prompt delivery of room service, no tipping policy, complimentary use of 'House Car', free wi-fi, and the amazingly decorated and modern hotel rooms - the Elysian goes above and beyond every time. THANK YOU, ELYSIAN! You and your staff made me look GREAT for my girlfriend. I won't ever stay anywhere else in Chicago, and I will absolutely reccomend this wondeful place.
