Staying at the Elysian is truly an exercise in luxury, and the undisputed champion of all my staycations in the city of Chicago.  I whisked Kelly to the Gold Coast for a milestone birthday which shall remain unmentioned, and I can't imagine a more luxurious and laid back location for any stay in the city of Chicago. The courtyard, with its circular drive and limestone facade, evokes a European estate and facilitates an escape from Chicago even as you turn off of a main avenue of the Gold Coast.  The lobby is small and minimalist in design, with marble floors and very comfortable seating.  The hallways to the rooms are narrow with gorgeous chandeliers. The rooms themselves are stunning and huge.  I reserved an executive suite and was upgraded to a deluxe suite, which came with a balcony.  While it was a little too chilly in February to spend much time there, the rest of the unit had more than enough delights to explore. The bathroom, with double vanities, a soaker tub and walk in shower, was mammoth and luxurious.  The master suite was similarly large and subtly elegant.  The main room, with wet bar, office desk (which was of no need), fireplace and dining table was roomy and inviting.  I could live here, without a doubt.  While our stay was purely for pleasure, the suite would provide all the needed comforts of a business trip, as well. The service throughout our experience was friendly and impeccable.  From the doorman to the front desk, to the staff at the Bernard and Ria, everyone was delighted that we were there.  I could not ask for more. Of course, for such exquisite accommodations and service, one must pay, but one needn't pay and pay, as the saying goes.  The Elysian has a no tip policy, which prevents you from being nickel and dimed from luggage and taxi services, which is a nice touch.  To maximize the luxury of your stay, become a member of I Prefer, and stay in the off months, i.e. January through March.  You'll increase your chances of upgrades and the size of the lap of luxury into which you will sink. Cheers!
