My husband and I just returned from the most blissful vacation we have ever taken and we have the Elysian to thank for that. To start with we sent some of our clothes to the hotel via UPS in advance so we could just take carry on luggage with us.  The amazing staff at the Elysian called me when our clothes arrived to let me know that a bottle of sunscreen had spilled onto a few items of clothing.  But, they were quick to tell me, they had cleaned it off and had the clothes, cleaned, pressed and ready for our stay.  When we arrived they were hanging in our closet. Amazing. When we arrived, the manager had left us a hand written note welcoming us to the hotel.  We also received notes each day reminding us of dinner reservations, spa treatments, etc.  Every note was handwritten. The staff is amazing.  Apparently the hotel philosophy is that each guest should feel like an honored guest in a friend's home.  So, no employee will accept tips (that is already factored into each service), and they are encouraged to connect with guests on a personal level and to try to find ways to amaze and delight the guests.  They succeed at every turn. One thing they thought of is to eliminate ice machines on guest floors because they tend to be loud. Instead, each room has a bar with an ice compartment - they keep it filled with ice for you. The room service menu is like none I have ever tasted....the food comes from the same kitchen that serves their Michelin 2 star restaurant in the hotel.  Especially loved the breakfast and the pasta with bolognese (sp) sauce. The spa is incredible.  Great service and every treatment is a pleasure. I had my hair done 2X by Christina and all I can say is that the next time I go I may not even waste space in my luggage by taking a hair dryer. She made me look and feel like a supermodel. I could go on an on with examples of Elysian's excellence but you should experience it for yourself.  Top quality sheets, towels, and comfortable furniture.  Oh, and my favorite was the TV-in-the mirror in the bathroom so you can watch TV while you fix your makeup or from the bathtub. So cool. One last thing, I have stayed at 5 star hotels all around the US and some globally and the Elysian is, by far, the most luxurious with the best service of all.  I love that place and can't wait to go back for my next visit.
