I stayed at the Elysian on October 23rd, 2011. I will remember the date as it was the day before I was to take the GMAT, October 24th. They were having a deal at the time where you got one night free if you stayed one night, and I used the deal to stay in a room that had a balcony...(forgot what it's called). Let me just say that I've stayed in hotels in all parts of the United States. In New York, Chicago, Houston, D.C., Virginia, Indiana, etc...and this hotel has them beat hands down. While I was not there on vacation (I was there to relax and get my head in the right place), I definitely would come back if I was...from the attention to detail, to the staff refusing tips to the services and amenities...I'd come back anytime. I arrived just in time for a massage at the Spa. I left my car with the valet (as I was planning to keep it there in case I needed to move around the city), and was told to head upstairs and not worry about checking in. I did so, crossing my fingers that my two room requests had been honored. I'd asked to have a room on a higher floor so that I could have a view as well as a room away from the elevator so that the noise and bustle of people coming and going would not disturb me. After my massage (the Lava Stone, please get it if you go as it is absolutely divine), I headed off to get situated in the room. Come to find out, the Elysian put me in a room on their top floor and as far away from the elevator as possible. Each member of staff called me Miss C., which was a new feeling for me. As far as the ego stroking goes, I was definitely enjoying it. I'd asked to not be disturbed as I read some notes and studied, and asked for a wake-up call the next morning. Fast forward past the reading, I got hungry. As I didn't want to take a chance on someone's foul mood at a restaurant infecting my energy (sappy as that may sound), I opted to order room service which came relatively quickly. I also was told by more staff than I could count that they wished me luck on the test, even though I only told two people. The bathroom was comfortable...how cool is it to take a bath with Asprey Purple Water products (which smell fantastic), and watch TV since the mirror in the bathroom converts to a small television. I'll tell you...it's pretty cool. Then, to emerge from the bath feeling totally relaxed and then curl up on the couch and watch tv above the fireplace...totally ah-mazing way to destress. Went to bed and I did not sleep as well as I'd thought, but that was partially because I had the temperature thing weird. Once I figured that out, I went right to sleep. As I'd preordered breakfast, I got my wakeup call and breakfast arrived right on time as I'd asked. Then I got dressed and headed out to take my exam, but because the spot was less than 2 miles away, the hotel called their courtesy car driver who drove me to the location in a 2011 Lexus hybrid, gratis. I was wished well..and felt great. The location of the hotel is wonderful for the out of town or even in-town visitor, as it is near the hustle and bustle of Rush Street, but far enough to not have to contend with the aftermath of people in bars. It is walking distance from Michigan Avenue and its shops, but not in a tourist trap, so you'd only know it if you were staying there. Room service was excellent, spa was excellent and concierge and staff were wonderful. Side Note: I am currently trying to track down the maker of the bathrobes as I wanted to give one of them to my mother as a gift. I made a comment about it upon my check out and the head of housekeeping emailed me in regards to it a few days later...and the conversation has continued to today, where he asked to give him some time to find a place that could customize it to her personally...just a sign that great service doesn't end upon checkout.
