My husband and I stayed here during a recent vacation to Chicago in October 2011 through the recommendation of Miriam G. of Moonrings, and the verdict?  This hotel lives up to its reputation! It's a relatively young hotel and its accolades...well deserved! The service from the time we arrived to the time we left - perfect!  The staff goes above and beyond to make you feel welcomed and at home.  During the stay, we asked for a couple of items here and there.  Everytime, the items (band aids, etc.) were delivered promptly and in an abundance and on a silver tray thing! (I asked for 2 band aids got 10. No joke!) We stayed in the Executive Suite.  Spacious and plenty of room.  My favorite part: the Fireplace!  It's really nice to use after a long day out around town.  And it's always nice to return to your room with turndown services and a little note near our nightstand with a bottle of Evian and the next day's weather!  And no to mention, the TV INSIDE the MIRROR!  (So cool!!!)  And not to mention the bed: the linens and the king sized pillows and the mattress - awesomeness too! The concierge is great! (Use it!)  We used the concierge to check in for us and print out our boarding passes (so we could enjoy a day on the town worry free), and they were also useful in giving us recommendations and directions (useful to the point, where they concisely gave us instructions on where to buy tickets for the L-train, method of payment, and how to use the ticket).  He was that thorough without me asking for any of that information. The downside is since the staff spends a lot of time and attention answering each guest's questions, you might have to wait a bit. And it's location: awesome!  I was pleasantly surprised at close you are to everything!  The Signature Lounge for a nightcap, Michigan Ave. for shopping, Rush/State Street for dining!  And near the L-train!!! Overall, when in Chicago, I'd love the opportunity to visit the Elysian again! :) Also, if you have the chance: Brunch at Balsan - AMAZING.  Must do! (Please see my review) :)
