What a nice hotel! They really go the extra mile here. Included in your hotel room payment is a manager's reception with free snacks and beverages (alcoholic or not). Free yogurt covered pretzels, cheesy popcorn, and chips/salsa to go along with a glass of wine or a pomegranate lemonade? Yes, please! The reception times are written on your hotel key, but I believe that it was 5:30-7:30pm. After I checked in and grabbed a drink, and plate of goodies (perfect drunk snacks for post-drinking), I headed up to my room. To get there, you ride up in a big glass elevator overlooking the city of Chicago. If you're afraid of heights, you'll probably have to close your eyes. If you're not, you can yell "wahoo" as it feels strangely like a ride at Disney going up, but without the sudden plummet to the ground. All of the rooms are suites. This means that there are doors separating the bedroom (which oddly has a sink in it) from the bathroom and living room. There are two huge big screen tvs in case you and your friends/kids don't want to watch the same program. You can also shut the bedroom door and pretend that you are on vacation without them, without denying them access to the bathroom. I can definitely see how that would be a nice feature. The hotel is centrally located and great for shopping the Miracle Mile shops, or walking down to the Navy Pier. The concierge was helpful and polite. Everything was clean. The beds were very comfortable. In the morning, I had a cooked-to-order omelette, home-fries, french toast, fresh fruit, coffee, juice. Probably the most high quality hotel breakfast that I've seen included in the price of the room. There was an actual chef to make you over easy eggs, or blueberry pancakes. Whatever you wanted. He was efficient, too! The lines moved quickly, and my veggie omelette was delish. With some time to kill before check-out, I hopped in the pool and jacuzzi. Hint: if you go in as breakfast is closing down you can get the pool all to yourself to swim laps without having to dodge small children in your path. The sauna was also lovely. I'm not sure that there is anything else that I can realistically ask for from a hotel. So, I'll make an unreasonable request: custom bathrobes made to my exact measurements and monogrammed, naturally.
