This is a wonderful hotel.  The location is just a block from Michigan Avenue for shopping and another block in the other direction to the hospital should you need a visit.  It is a small, quaint and inexpensive hotel with great location.  Our view was a brick wall but, that is not uncommon in Chicago.  I liked the location so close to Michigan Avenue but, the peacefulness of a side street.  Our room was nice and quiet and rooms and hotel were very clean.  Breakfast was your typical Belgian waffles, eggs, toast, donuts, juice, etc.  What I liked most about this hotel and what will surely bring me back is the unbelievable customer service. I found this hotel and 2 other hotels from great reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp when I was planning a family reunion.  My cousin met with Stefanie Killey at this hotel and managers of a couple of other hotels.  After my cousin's meeting she said we had to pick this hotel.  Stefanie went above and beyond to make our family feel welcome.  She helped me personally coordinate before I even checked in gift items to be given to each family member upon check in to the hotel.  She followed up with me during my stay to make sure all was well including an informal gathering we were able to have in the breakfast area one evening.  The front desk gave the same quality service as Stefanie.  They even helped me book a room for my sister when her air conditioning went out in her home and attached it to my reservation so my sister did not have to worry.  We initially were not sure that we needed a room and just mentioned it to the front desk but, they remembered the next day at 4pm when I had to book it that evening and made sure I got the special rate for our reunion.  By the way, thank you to the lady at the front desk who is a big Phil Collins fan.  My sister said you were a great help and therapist during her moment of need for air conditioning.  Last, even after everyone was checking out a family member asked to leave some items for pick up by my sister and when she came to the hotel the items were there.  Now that is service!  Can't wait to go back.  I almost feel like a part of their hotel family.  Thank you Fairfield Inn & Suites Chicago Downtown!
