We had romantic notions that we could be married at the Four Seasons Hotel - the same place where we had our first date. That delicate idea, flighty like the stained glass wings of a butterfly, was all but darkened when we heard that their starting price for weddings was $25K. Weeks went by and then I read an article that breathed life into the dream of having our relationship cemented at the place at the place of our first date. This time we spoke to Sabrina who acted as our fairy godmother throughout the rest of our courtship with Four Seasons. We told her our budget and she responded with conjured magic within our boundaries. For $10K we could have a brunch wedding for 75 guests. Included in that price would be rehearsal time the day before and two suites for getting ready followed by another for our wedding night. Furthermore, we could have as many rooms as we needed for the ceremony, cocktail hour, and reception. The hotel would see to the details of setting up and would provide everything from the linens to the votive candles to the piano. The proposal took into consideration taxes and tip so that we would not go over budget. This sort of all-inclusiveness easily surpassed the breadth of other venues that would involve having to rent chairs and pay for licenses. We knew from working with Sabrina that she would take care of everything so that we could be guests at our own wedding - even for our meager budget. Sabrina was professional and detail oriented. She never told us "no" when we had more ideas. Ideas of making our wedding into a jazz brunch like what we experienced in New Orleans during our first vacation. We had ideas of chicken and waffles and beignets. Sabrina was forever professional and brimming with grace beyond her years. She was prompt, available whenever we wanted her, and followed up periodically. She respected that we were exploring other options also. Although we ultimately decided on another venue, it was only because one of us had dreams that soared beyond the scope of our self-inflicted boundaries at the Four Seasons. We were destined to have an evening wedding even if it meant excluding the romance of our first date or vacation. What is awe inspiring to me is that even a luxurious venue like the Four Seasons Hotel in Chicago is possible.
