What is better than a free Four Seasons stay? Maybe, winning a Power Ball Lottery? Yeah, I'd say that would be better; but, other than that, there's really not much better thing that came to mind. I got a text from a friend this morning asking about when will we do afternoon tea next? She wanted to go back to The Four Seasons. Last year, we had a really terrific holiday tea experience, as far as the foods were concerned. It just really reminded me of the whole FS experience that I truly felt privileged to ever enjoy, sans argent. First time I stayed here, I was with my company. We had a huge event there for 3 days to showcase our product experience in a similar environment. Everything was done first class and I was surprised a non convention hotel like FS was able to pull off this type of very complicated event involving a lot of people. Staying there for several nights just got you so spoiled! I even offered my company as I lived locally if I just skipped the stay to save money. They said no as they wanted all of us to get the full experience. Alrighty then, twist my arm! And it was an experience like none other, from dropping off the car at valet, leaving my luggage there just for it to already in my room by the time I got there, getting a door opened by Julia Roberts' husband, Danny Moder, and sharing an elevator with Frasier aka Kelsey Grammer. Plus, the view of Lake Michigan from my room! I stayed here again recently back in August with some friends. Again, this stay was free and it was all fun and no work. We had a great time enjoying the city, walking around the 900 building and checking out Bloomingdale's (shout out to you, Steve!), and dinner at Tony Mantuano's Spiaggia. We got a comp for breakfast up to $80 and we had fun with room service that morning. Later on, my friend who paid told us that we were order happy and total for breakfast was $190 something. Cheesus!! I thought $80 was a lot for breakfast but doubling it? That's probably the most spendy breakfast ever. I would have gotten a heart attack if I were the one who got the check the first time. However, it was a super fun time. Oh, this time we shared elevator with Bill Rancic. He is really dashing in person. We tried really hard to ignore him like he was a nobody. Oh, one more thing, the spa and pool area were pretty nice. The pool was okay but it's a nice salt water type. It was way busy though. The room itself is awesome. It's a suite with a separate living room. The couch turns to a sleeper sofa. The bathroom has a separate tub and shower area as well as an enclosed toilet. My fave part of the room was they had cushion on the ledge by the window. I could sit there for hours looking out and enjoying that lake view. It was pretty fantastic. All of those stuff you heard on customer service training about FS or Ritz Carlton style was all true for FS hotel here. All of these first class fun for 0 dollar for me. One can get so lucky. Since I probably would never win a lottery, this came pretty close.
