The best hotel experience I have ever had. I came here for my birthday with my boyfriend and we had high hopes already, but our expectations were exceeded at every point. The service is phenomenal and whatever hiring process they use to find genuinely friendly people to work for them, clearly it works. It was the best staff I have ever seen because they were sincerely nice, chatty, helpful people- not the fake type of service you get from a lot of other places where it feels forced and phony. An example of how they go above and beyond for excellent service- I mentioned to the front desk girl that it was my birthday while we were chatting during check-in, so she sent up a chocolate cake to my room with a personal, hand written note (amazing!). The great service applies to the bar as well- the bartender (Rachel?) was very knowledgable, down to earth, sincere, and friendly. The drinks were strong, delicious, and creative. The bar snacks we tried (deviled eggs and pretzels) were also amazing. Room service prices were STEEP, but that is to be expected. The breakfast we ordered was not off the menu, but they did everything perfectly and exactly how we described. The food arrived within 30 minutes. The hotel location is perfectly central and valet is available (we paid $67, but you can stay there even after checkout for the whole day if you want to walk around). They let us do a late check out (2pm) for no additional charge. The room itself was clean. Very nice bathrooms. The Malin + Goetz bath products are superb- I tracked down the Peppermint shampoo at Bloomingdales! Great view of the city and lake from the room. The main criticism I have is the mattress was WAY too soft- I thought my back was breaking the next day when I was trying to walk around since I am accustomed to a more firm mattress and generally expect hotels to accommodate all back types by having a medium softness mattress. This was like sleeping on a fluffy pillow. In addition, the windows were completely bolted shut and some fresh air would have been nice the morning after those strong drinks that Rachel made! Overall, the experience was wonderful and I want to come back for every birthday!
