Best customer service I've ever received. I proposed to my girlfriend last weekend, and part of the proposal plan included a need for a driver and a nice charter car. I called to get a quote, the people on the phone were professional and easy to work with. I later found out that it was actually the owner who answers the phone, which I really appreciate. I told them my plan for the day, and that it was a secret. They promised to not call my fiancé until it was time. They asked for my itinerary, I sent it and they updated it in their system. They even sent the itinerary back to confirm it. Later on, I called about the possibility of picking the exact car I wanted. They were extremely flexible and helped me pick out a car. The morning of the proposal, I received a call from both owners and the driver to review my itinerary. After we were done reviewing the itinerary, they even upgraded the car for me, knowing it was such an important event. The driver showed up to pick up my fiancée on time, dressed perfectly and the car was extremely clean and nice. The driver's name was Rick, he was very on top of my itinerary the whole time and took away SO MUCH worry from me! Not only was he knowledgable of the itinerary, and on time according to it, he was also extremely nice and a lot of fun. He completely played into the plan and made the whole experience very special. He also had all the expected qualities of a great driver.. Safe, courteous, opened the door every time, easily reachable for a pick up, but Rick went way above these normal expectations. The itinerary was executed very seamlessly. Rick was easily the best driver I've had for any transportation service. He was really more than a driver, he was critical to the whole plan and became a friend by the end of the experience. If I could think of a bad thing to say about this company, I would. I've never had a better experience and I'm proud to write them a 5 star review. I trusted this company with one of the most important days of my fiancées life and it paid off big time. I could not be happier.
