So if you go through groupon, the tickets are $25. Great deal. I truly enjoyed myself! I felt like a tourist in my own city. The guide, Jeff, was exceptionally friendly. He called the people who hadn't arrived to make sure they were not left behind if they were close by. We had a brief introduction to meet the other people on the tour and began our walk around to Chicago's cupcakes and sweets. We had around five stops and although I live and work in Chicago, I'd never been to two of them at all. West Town Bakery on Ohio won me over with their fudge like chocolate cupcake with chocolate frosting!! BEST sweet cupcake on the tour! Jeff also bought a beer and pretzel donut for the group to try. It's huge so get one if you have someone to share it with, but get one. Crumbs had the most alluring case of sweets but I didn't like my cupcake at all (cookie dough). Next time I will try one of their Girl Scout cookie cupcakes.  I like their red velvet. L'Appetito had amazing gelato and a case full of sweets to derail any diet. They also had this savory rice ball full of meat, rice, peas and cheese I think. Jeff bought one for us all to sample. I wish I had purchased one or two to go like the others... Sprinkles delivered with the banana cupcake with chocolate frosting. It was mildly sweet and not over the top. I didn't try the marshmallow one, but I heard it was good. MORE cupcakes delivered the single BEST cupcake on the tour. It's their BLT cupcake. I never wanted to go near it, but sucked up my fear and went for the plunge. Let's just say I left with a box of minis! MORE gave us two cupcakes. The salted carmel had carmel in the middle. Yummy! Along the way, Jeff gave us Chicago trivia and I learned more about the city landscape from him during our walking tour than I imagined. We visited a historic home turned office and found out global facts about cupcakes. Jeff made sure no one was left behind since we had a mixed age group and some walked faster than others. I would do this again with friends to experience Chicago while stuffing my face!
