I've got a golden ticket! I've got a golden chance to make my way! And with a golden ticket, it's a golden day! If you are one of the lucky ones to make it on the Half Acre Tour, you too will get a golden ticket. I went on the Half Acre Tour this past weekend in freezing temps hoping that we would have an easier time getting on the tour than most others. And we did. We showed up at 10:35 and were probably 40th in line (they take 60 people). It was seriously freezing outside, my toes were little ice blocks, but normally you need to be there at 10am to secure your spot in line. I was paranoid about people having their friends budge in line because I knew that could put us on the edge of not making it. My advice is to just get there at 10 and not have to worry about being on the outskirts. Precisely at 11am, they opened the big garage and shuffled us in. For the bargain price of $10 you get a great tour, 3 full pint glasses of their brews, a pint glass to take home plus a fun early afternoon buzz. It's well worth it. And in my case I had 4 full pint glasses, allowing me to try all they had on tap during the tour thanks to my friend not having his last beer. Score! I tried their Daisy Cutter which I've had a million times but it was awesome to have it straight from the source,  I had never tried the other three beers and was really happy with them all. Half Acre's Over Ale was the clear top beer for me though with slight hoppiness to it, 6% ABV Brown Ale. Space was my second favorite of the day, an IPA at 7%. Gossamer and Daisy Cutter were pretty much on the same level for me in terms of how much I liked them. Daisy Cutter is a pale ale at 5.2% and Gossamer is a Blonde Ale at 4.2% and our ticket taker's (I want to say his name was Sean) favorite as it's a good session beer. Adam was a great tour guide. He was insanely informative but also hilarious. I'm going to assume 95% of what he told us was true and that I learned quite a bit on the tour. The ancient burial ground thing seems legit due to the sage & Native American postcard - why else would they have that right? I highly recommend this tour to everyone! I'm on a brewery tour streak right now and so far this is absolutely my favorite. The guys at Half Acre are awesome, good beers, good value and highly descriptive.
