Words cannot describe my annoyance I felt yesterday morning.  Ok, maybe words can describe my annoyance this morning.  It was as fiery as 1000 suns relentlessly burning through everything in its path.  I was so annoyed I could not even write this review until today.  Today, I am still annoyed. I blew a rear tire on the way to Lake Forest yesterday.  I have been in a bad enough mood doing a daily 60-mile round trip commute these past three weeks and finally, on a day where I was in actual MOVING traffic and pacing to be ON TIME to work, this BS happens.  What's worse, it turns out I didn't actually hit anything; my tires were dry-rotted and they were a tire time bomb waiting to happen.   It's gets worse: my Dad warned me months ago... say, around Christmas... that I should look into getting new tires.  I opted for a Banana Republic gift card and some cash over tires.  Argh. Even worse: I have never changed a tire in my life.  #spoiledbratproblems.  I could feel my dad saying "Oh, Son" in my head all the way in Ohio.   To put the cherry on top of worseness, my AAA membership lapsed a few years ago and I never renewed it.   F$&*(&@#*(#@$!!!! 311 was no help and I was not about to call a private towing company, so I whipped out my iPhone 5, connected to AAA, and begged for them to take me back when I needed them most.  Mary, attention-to-detaily as ever, walked me through the process of renewing my membership, finding me a tow truck, and getting me on my way.  Sure, it took her 20 minutes or so to actually get all my information into the computer, and sure, the estimated arrival time of "8:30AM-9:40AM" was quite broad for someone stranded on the shoulder of 94W, but soon enough I had someone out there helping me change my tire (while, at the same time, feeling emasculated) and get me on my way to work.  Best part, my annual membership is only $52.00.  It's a steal for this commuter's peace of mind. Don't be a fool.  Add AAA to your Christmas list.  Or birthday list.  Or your grocery list.  Boom.
