Ok so, I've been with AAA since 2003. Let me say that I probably haven't used it as much as I probably could, I don't always ask if they have a AAA discount at hotels or service stations or amusement parks. I've never ran out of gas and had em come give me a few gallons to get to a gas station. Nope... I call when I need a tow, a pullout from snow drifts or once when I had a flat and my spare was also flat (my bad, should've checked that thing). Here's the thing whenever I've called on them for help, they were there. When they dispatch tow trucks actually OWNED and operated by AAA, they showed up on time, and within a reasonable time. However when they subcontract... well, that's another story, some are really good, others not so much. Cand take point away from AAA for those companies. Since this recent experience was with a AAA owned and operated truck/driver I can definitely say that AAA rocks. I used the app to get a truck dispatched to my location. The app by the way - awesome. After about 5 or so minutes of filling out location and vehicle information I hit "Create Request" it gave me an estimated time of arrival being between 30 and 75 minutes (45 minute window), driver called after about 45 minutes saying he was 10 minutes away and guess what? He showed up just about ten minutes later. Nice! He loaded up the car quickly and carefully, making sure not to scratch or ding anything. Strapped the tires down tightly and secured the chains to the tow points on the vehicle. I chose to ride along, the truck was clean, driver was friendly and polite and didn't have that 'My truck is bigger than yours, so get out of the way' attitude like some other tow truck drivers. He even asked if my aunt was still behind us (she was with me) and did the occasional glance in the mirror. Dropping off was fast, yet unhurried. It didn't feel like he was rushing to be done with us and leave. Vehicle off, signed some papers.... DONE. I'm 100% happy with AAA - been happy for about 11 years, which is 4x as long as I was happy with my ex wife and 2x as long as that marriage! LMAO!!!
