A total blast! I took this company's Lakefront/Museum Campus tour a few days ago with some high school friends and their teenage daughters. We had an amazing time! We took the same tour with a different company a few years ago, so I will  compare them:  Absolutely Chicago Segway was 10x more organized.  We parked in a garage right outside of the company entrance, which was great because I had dreaded trying to find parking during Blues Fest.  Everyone sat down in a room, got helmets and watched a sorta funny safety video, then divided into groups. Each group went with the guide to get their Segways, with the instructor working one-on-one with each individual  until he/she was comfortable with the basics.  We all practiced for a while in a totally private underground practice area, which was great, because there were no pedestrians, dogs, strollers, etc to dodge. Then we set off on the tour.  (With the other company, there was a chaotic check-in in the middle of a crowded Millennium Park.  It took forever to get everyone to sign waivers, find helmets, and separate into groups.  Training was on a very crowded pathway, where it was hard to hear what the instructor was telling us  and hard to learn the basics with so much traffic around us.  I had a headache and was drenched with sweat before we had even started.) Absolutely Segway was more professional:  Though we visited basically the same sites as we had on the last tour, this one was 10x better because of the tour guide.  On the last tour the guy thought he was a total comedian, and told awful jokes that we felt obligated to laugh at.  By the end of that tour, I was ready to slap him.   On The Absolutely Chicago  tour, our guide (Nate Simmons)  was much more informative, and was funny in a more genuine, subtle way.  He actually interacted with everyone rather than put on a one-size-fits-all show.  (We found out later that he actually was a standup comedien at Zanies!)  I used to work in the tourism industry in Chicago, and have been on tons of city tours over the years.  I was actually  impressed by Nate's knowledge of the city.... he shared a lot interesting of info and anecdotes that I have never heard before.  In contrast to our previous tour, with Nate I actually wanted to hear what he had to say! Absolutely Segway had a better price: We paid less for this tour than we did on our previous tour with another company. The next time I have out-of-town guests come to visit, I will definitely take them on a Segway tour, and it will definitely be with Absolutely Chicago Segway tours.  I highly recommend them!
