First of all, let me start by saying Chicago is now one of my favorite cities to visit!  The food is just amazing, and the weather this summer was simply perfect. A friend of ours lives in a suburb, so we stayed with her the first two nights of our vacation. We booked our final night at Acme so we could enjoy a day to ourselves and see some of the tourist attractions. This location was awesome, walking distance to just about everything.  We easily made it to the river and took a water taxi to Navy Pier, and there's at least 100 restaurants nearby. We also spent some time in the Berkshire Room (Bar) and enjoyed great cocktails. The lobby is unexpected - trendy and sort of in the front when you walk in, similar to a retail counter. Lots of cool textures and architecturally fun to look at. The staff was very nice and knowledgable. I gotta say that I absolutely LOVE their online check-in; we actually received a text message when our room was ready. And a few days before our trip we received an email to let us know some helpful info about the hotel, the location, and how their coffee and breakfast options work. The compulsive planner in me really appreciated all of that. Our room was on the 8th floor. We were kinda giddy when we opened the door to our room, as it's very trendy and artsy, a large handprint on the headboard, and a woman on a trapeze (3D art) was suspended just outside our room window!  There was a large red, glowing pair of lips on our bathroom window- we had to close the bathroom door when we went to sleep though (kinda creepy.) My only complaint is the glass wall to the shower doesn't really cover the whole shower, so it gets cold and water can get everywhere if you aren't careful. The heat light is a nice bonus though! We actually both enjoyed sporting the matching black Acme hotel robes that night; they were surprisingly comfortable!  The mini-bar concept is also convenient, though we didn't utilize it. We did finish some drinks in the bar and the bartender hooked us up with a yummy cheesecake to go, which we thoroughly enjoyed in our room. I'm ashamed to say we never made it to the gym, and after hearing about the jacuzzi, I wish we would have brought swimsuits. One of the nicest things about the Acme: their free coffee delivery!  We got two 16oz thermos' of coffee, and I loved how they did that. It's also pretty awesome you can order that and they just knock on the door and leave it. No need to get dressed!  Very helpful. We also ordered breakfast to the room. We got a bagel with cream cheese, tomato and bacon. Not bad- but I pulled the bacon off and my hubby ate it. We also got the donuts. One was chocolate with sprinkles, which I thoroughly enjoyed. The other was the bacon and maple - and I did try the maple cream filling and was incredible. The bacon chunks on top were a little much for me, but the hubby liked it. In our final day in Chi-town, we were pretty sad to check out of this place!  The concierge kindly stowed our luggage and reserved a car to the airport for us. After we explored the city for a few more hours, we came back and he already had our car waiting, luggage inside!   Highly recommend this hotel. And it will undoubtedly be our preferred place the next time we stay in Chicago!
