A few weeks ago we had our wedding and ceremony at C-View (the rooftop terrace at Affinia Chicago).  I could never have dreamed of a more perfect setting for our wedding!!!!!   We have stayed at this hotel a few times, and it has always been a terrific experience.  The hotel is set in the most convenient location, just off Michigan Ave. and close to the BEST shopping, dining, and attractions.   I truly can't explain how much Affinia Chicago has meant to my wife and I during this year.  I proposed to her at C-View in April, and now we got married in the same location in August.   I started working with Allison Kearns (Catering Sales Manager) in January planning all the details for the proposal. Since we live out of town, all of the communication to set everything up was done via e-mail and telephone.  Allison could not have been more helpful in setting everything up for me.  She was so friendly and professional.  3 months later and countless e-mails planning every little detail, it was time for the proposal.  Everything was perfect!  Even though it was Easter night, Allison stayed until 8:00pm to make sure everything went as planned.   My Fiance (now wife)  and I decided that it would be the perfect location for our wedding.  Even though we would be planning everything from out of town, I knew that with Allison's help everything would go smoothly.  After a few months of planning...the wedding day was upon us.  Allison and her staff were terrific!!!!!  They covered every little detail and were true professionals.  We had our ceremony at C-View and the reception at the same location, and also had the inside bar of C-View to our wedding guests of 20 as well.  Affinia's staff did such a great job of making the space look beautiful for our special day.  We opted for passed canapes instead of a plated dinner.  This was a brilliant idea!  The food was so yummy...everything from the mini lobster club sandwiches to the risotto balls were big hits with our guests.  The glazed pork ribs were simply amazing and possibly the best ribs I've ever eaten!!!!!  To top everything off they even have Goose Island (the best beer on Earth)  on tap at the bar, Matilda and Sofie, two delicious creations by Chicago's own brewery! Everything about our wedding was better than we could have ever dreamed.  Thank you Allison and your staff SO much!!!!!  The entire time we were there, the hotel staff was friendly and attentive to our needs.  I HIGHLY recommend staying at Affinia the next time you are visiting Chicago, or allowing them to host a special event of your own!!!!! :-)
