I can't believe I am just writing a review of this hotel!?  I've used their banquet services several times and they have always, always, always exceeded my expectations.  I have also dined at their restaurant C-House and spent many a night relaxing in the C-View Rooftop Lounge.  So, I do not know why I never wrote a review.  Perhaps because if I tell you that their roof top lounge is marvelous and the drinks are delicious and reasonable, lots of people will converge on my little piece of heaven and Affinia Chicago will become that bustling, stand in line, snobby door man place!?   e.g., like The Wit      But, now that summer is over...and the hotel just did something that was sooooooo major, I have to break my silence and say this is one of the warmest hotels in Chicago. Sure, there are places with more "umph", but when I want to snuggle into a yummy comfortable bed after a long day at a conference, or when I want a laid back evening nursing a cocktail and listening to yummy music, I don't need a lot of flash.  The chic, wonderfully serene decor at Affinia are perfect. Now to the coupe de grace ~ the service. The list of "Wow" moments are sooooo long...but the latest: I have a PR and Concierge business.  I usually do Press Releases, locate hard to find concert tickets, that sort of thing.  Well imagine my surprise when a new client (highly acclaimed photographer) tells me that he is taking photographs of Chicago and he needs access to locations that give him an aerial view of the city!?    You know...the kind of view you get looking out of a centrally located hotel.  The catch ~ he takes about an hour or two for each shoot, so he is not willing to simply rent a hotel room!!    My job is to get him access... My first thought was the Affinia because they are as one Yelp Reviewer said, "smack dab in the middle of everything" AND they are soooooo accomodating.  Thus, I called. Spoke to a brilliant young woman who 'got it" and within hours had permission for the artist to have his shoot. THE EXPERIENCE So, we show up with a rolling trunk of equipment on Halloween evening.  We are greeted warmly by the doorman who acts as if my client is a celebrity!    Thank you!!!   Said client was quite impressed.  We are then escorted to the C-View Roof Top Lounge where Enrique the bartender fawns a bit more (hooray) and lastly the manager Richard stops by and drops off a yummy bottle of chic-y water.   The wait staff is attentive, but not overly so.  They keep the little heaters going and somehow keep the patrons away until the shoot is over.   I ask my client if he wants to have dinner at the C-View and he is suitably impressed...I mean, who hasn't heard of Marcus Samuelsen?!    We thaw out while sipping a Hot Toddy and nibble  Sweet Breads (for him) and Potato Soup for me.    My guest said the Sweet Breads were divine...the soup was a teeny bit salty, but still good.  I loved the Cheese Curds that gave it a bit of crunch.    I opted for the Scallop appetizer as my entree ~ three words "Oh my God".  They were sooooo good!   Succulent, sweet and with this yummy apple slaw that I could eat a bowl of!   I also had the mac and cheese ~ which was quite yummy.  A great mix of a variety of cheeses, so it was just tangy enough with a mellow cheddar flavor.  I also had the Roasted Brussel Sprouts with Balsamic Vinegar.  Sigh.   My guest had the grouper which came with this yummy looking cauliflower and sweet potato roast.   He moaned a couple of times ~ so I can only assume it was good!   We finished our meal with the pumpkin pancake...words cannot desrcibe.  This dessert was too, too, too good!   A pancake filled with rum soaked raisins, served with a divine homemade ice cream....I am already planning a return trip!
