Aloft City Center was a great choice of our wedding block! We used Aloft as one of the hotels for our wedding blocks over Memorial Day weekend.  Knowing hotels would be hard to come by over the holiday weekend, we set up our block well in advance (October 2013) in order to ensure enough rooms and a good rate. The initial contact with the Cluster Sales Manger was a good experience. He was able to work with us on the number of rooms needed, with the contract terms we wanted (as long as guests booked 30 days in advance we were not held accountable for any unbooked rooms in the block--which was key for us) and set it all up for us very easily. Once the contract was set, we were handed over to Brenna the onsite event manager and she was fantastic to work with! She set everything up to make booking for our guests a breeze either over the phone or online. And when we encountered a few issues with booking, she cleared everything up quickly and efficiently. Always available to help! And when we got closer to our date, Brenna contacted us to see what additional assistance they could offer--from delivery goody bags for our guests, to keeping the front desk staff up on times and locations for our wedding events. She wanted to make sure the staff could answer any questions about our wedding our guests may have had. SO helpful. The hotel itself is clean, modern, in a great location, and has a wonderful restaurant attached to it. Our guests young and old were very comfortable in the rooms and the staff at the front desk and at the door was friendly and extremely helpful when in need of assistance. We had guests staying from all over the country, Portland, Pennsylvania, NYC, Boise, New Jersey, LA, and they all had great things to say about the Aloft as an affordable option in a great location. Out of town guests were all able to get around the city easily, with a lot of major attractions just steps away. And each time we popped in to visit our friends and family over the weekend,  the friendly staff remembered us, offering us smiles and congratulations on our wedding. Nice touch!
