I have stayed in tons of hotels over the years, from total roach motels to the most luxurious villas in the Caribbean, and I think the Kinzie might be my favorite of all time (or a close tie with the Incheon Sheraton in South Korea, because they had a jimjilbang spa). FIrst, the location was AWESOME. It was walking distance to everything I wanted to see in Chicago - my office, of course, Michigan Ave shopping, tons of restaurants and bars, all-night convenience stores, and lots of coffee and groceries. The staff was amazing. Everyone was so friendly and helpful, and check-in was a breeze. The bell captains were a wealth of information and always so helpful, from hailing cabs, giving directions, and helping a friend find a cheap parking spot nearby. Everything was GORGEOUS in the hotel, from the lobby to the hallways to the guest rooms. My room was super luxurious, if not very large, and had every amenity I could think of, other than a stocked mini-bar. The in-room Keurig was a nice touch, as was the lighted make-up mirror in the bathroom. Free super fast WIfi! I used the gym a few nights, which was always pretty empty. There are three treadmills, two or three ellipticals, some open exercise space and a pretty well-equipped free weights area. The cardio machines have individual TVs with basic cable, and clean towels were provided. I ordered room service one night, which is from Harry Caray's. It was crazy expensive, but super fast and crazy delicious. The breakfast was awesome. It is awesome that they set up breakfast on every floor by the elevators. I was always running a little behind in the mornings, so it was awesome to just head to the elevator, hit the button, and grab a doughnut or muffin (or...you know: both). Once, I blindly grabbed a dark muffin, thinking it was bran, but found out as I was walking to the office that it actually a cheesecake brownie muffin. Happiest surprise ever. But really, the BEST thing about this hotel is the complimentary happy hour. The front desk gave me a handful of tokens upon check-in, each good for one drink at the hotel lounge, which is open every day from 5-8. I do wish the bar would have been open for extended hours for nightcaps, even without the happy hour tokens. All in all, I had a wonderful stay, and can't wait to come back!!! I will definitely be staying at this hotel for all my future trips to Chicago!
