This hotel is the best kept secret in Chicago as far as I'm concerned. We've been traveling to Chicago every year for the last 13 years for a vacation.  We've stayed all over Chicago, including the InterContinental three years straight.   While there has been nothing wrong with the hotels we've stayed in, I have to say the Best Western River North is on par staff and room wise with any hotel in Chicago, including the elite hotels on Michigan Avenue. We stayed there in August of 2013 as part of our annual trip to the Windy City.   First of all the parking is free and that's a huge bonus.   At between fifty to eighty bucks a DAY to park at any other hotel, that perk more than pays for itself.   But everybody talks about that.  It's no secret. So we pull into the Best Western and are MET by the parking attendant, who if he had been any more helpful would have driven the car from Nebraska for us.   He gave me a ticket, checked me in, pointed toward where to park and told me if we needed ANYTHING to please let him know.  I wish I could remember his name.  This is four star service, folks. The only way the check in could have been easier is if they read your mind and knew who you were by just looking at you.  It took us (two couples) all of about five minutes to get checked in and pointed to our rooms.  The hotel is in two connected buildings so it's something of a puzzle on how to get to your exact room.  The front desk staff made CERTAIN we knew how to get to our rooms when we checked in.  And they were very friendly the whole time we were there.   My friend's room key card stopped working and the front desk staff were all over it as soon as he explained the problem.  I believe if they could have known about it before it happened, they've have brought him a new key. The room was clean and well maintained.  No frills (there's a fridge and coffee maker) and the TV was just fine.  Bathroom a bit small, but who gets a hotel room for a palatial bathroom?  The hot water worked, the shower was clean and worked.  The linens were changed when we asked them to be.   Yes, there's noise in the rooms but you're in for God's sake downtown Chicago; not a quiet country retreat.  A pair of ear plugs, which I normally wear anyway was all I needed to get a good night's sleep. We didn't have time to partake of the pizza restaurant attached to the hotel, although we understand it's quite good.   And though discount tickets to most sites are available at the desk, we elected not to go to the aquarium last year.  The hotel is easy walking distance of Michigan Avenue, Uno's, Navy Pier, Millennium Park etc...   You're right down town.  And if you want to get a cab to Wrigley Field (once you get a parking place for God's sake don't drive anywhere)  the staff will get you one.  They will also help you with the trains.  We know our way around Chicago after 13 years so we didn't have to avail ourselves of that service. Check out was equally easy.  In fact, I just dropped the keys off.  Having stayed in some of Chicago's four star hotels, I wanted to make a point to tell the staff how great our experience was.   When I started to speak about our stay, it's was like an E.F. Hutton commercial:  Every staff member in the lobby stopped what they were doing to listen to what I had to say.   They honestly cared.  They assured me (a guy staying there for the first time) that they enjoyed having me and my wife as guests and hoped we'd come back. Oh and did I mention that the room rates were about HALF of what the boutique hotels on Michigan were/are charging?  If not, they are generally lower and certainly competitive.
