Used this company for my recent 10-day Costa Rica trip and I must say... I was really impressed! Although the clientele was pretty up there in age - we were the youngest ones in our group of 44 people - I had a lot of fun!  Of course, Caravan can't control who signs up for their tours, and we became friends with a bunch of them... so it all worked out anyway. - Hotel Choices - since we toured the country (San Jose, Torteguero, Arenal / La Fortuna, Puntarenas), we stayed in 4 different hotels and they were all great - from the views, cleanliness, service, accommodations and location. - Food - Breakfast, lunch and dinner was included every single day - most of the time, buffet style, but the food was always fresh (like the fish, veggies and fruit) and offered a variety of flavors for even the pickiest of eaters, ehem, like me. - Service - Our tour guide, Anita Monge, was very sweet, knowledgeable of everywhere we went, spoke clearly in English and very accommodating of people's needs.  She always gave us a head's up on landmarks to look out for so we didn't miss anything while we were on the bus, boat or even at the hotel.  She made sure we packed the right things and told us what to expect each day, gave us options if we decided not to go on the tour that day (like when we decided to ZIPLINE instead - WOOHOO!!!) and even made sure our transfer service was at the hotel so we make it to the airport on time for our departure flights - as early as some were.  Anita really made sure every single thing was covered.  Our bus driver, Rafa, was awesome and managed to squeeze our huge-ass bus through the smallest streets and mountain side roads. - Landmarks we visited were great.  We really got a feel of almost every aspect of Costa Rica, we went to places I never heard of or would have never considered - from the bustling streets of San Jose, the beautiful rainforest and rivers of Tortuguero, the volcanoes at Poas and Arenal, the shopping at La Fortuna and Sarchi, Baldi Natural hot springs, churches, banana and coffee plantations, butterfly farms, cloud forests... the list goes on and on... - Timeliness - Every single time that was quoted was met... if we went to a specific location and were to be met with the workers to give us wrist bands or whatever, we never had to wait... they were the ones waiting for us to arrive with big smiles and cocktails or refreshments in hand at most venues.   If you don't mind being on a luxury, air-conditioned, seat-reclining bus (Note: bring Dramamine!) and following a daily itinerary, I highly recommend this tour.  Thanks Caravan!   p.s.  No, I don't work for the company... just a very happy customer!  : ) .
