First off if you haven't bought tickets for these tours on Goldstar, then definitely buy them through there. We were able to go on the Pedway Brunch Tour with a HUGE discount. My story starts off today in the Radisson Aqua Blu hotel, which I had ever seen before today but has to be one of the most beautifully designed modern buildings I had ever seen. It was there we met up early with Dan and he told me my Fiancee and I were not on the list! Puzzled, I pulled out my paper ticket to realize the boneheaded mistake of booking the tour for NEXT WEEK! Dan, being the consummate professional that he is, took our ticket and let us go on the tour, saving me embarrassment, my Fiancee's ire, and giving validity to paying for parking. We start out in the beautiful bar/restaurant of the Aqua Blu with complimentary fresh-baked pastries, very dark coffee, and Dan's masterful weaving of Chicago's history, fables, and lore. It is quite captivating, and as a former tour guide myself I am quite impressed. From the restaurant we are led to an unmarked door in the hotel directly into the Pedway, which is odd to me since you wouldn't know about it unless you a.) read about it on the internet or b.) took this tour. Anyway the tour feels like you've been let in on a big secret about the city that locals know (or should know) about. It's almost a nonsensical arrangement of corridors from hotels to subways to shopping centers that are both above and below ground. It really is quite impressive. Brunch and Houlihan's was very good also. If you take the tour and buy on Goldstar then pay the extra for the meal. With all the walking you'll be glad you did. Aside from walking outside to get to the Chicago Cultural Center with its beautiful Tiffany Glass ceilings, and Macy's, the tour was solely in the Pedway making it very comfortable. I really hope more of Chicago's Finest Tours are featured on Goldstar because I had a blast. Dan truly loves Chicago and it shows in his masterful presentation, and it is nice to learn one of the city's secrets for next winter.
