Wow, I really could not have had a better experience with this company! I wanted to do something out of the ordinary for my 27th birthday, so why not attempt to contact ghosts? From start to finish, working with Karen to organize everything went seemlessly. You can tell that she loves what she does and really wants every customer to get the most out of his/her experience. We got an excellent group discount and they were so accommodating as I worked to get together all the money and info for the 26 people in our party. The days leading up to the event, Karen was sure to contact me with helpful tidbits for the day (wear comfortable clothing/shoes, bring a camera/camera phone, etc.), and answer any questions I had. The night of the event came, and not one person (out of 26, don't forget) had one bad thing to say about the experience or any of our three guides (Lisa, Alison, and Andy). Lisa, Alison, and Andy were absolutely amazing! They were incredibly kind, hilarious, and knowledgeable about the experience and all that goes into a great ghost tour. They even gave me a cute glow in the dark ghost keychain since it was my birthday! :) In terms of the experience, I cannot tell you how many people have heard our stories from the night (keep in mind this was yesterday and I am already writing a glowing review because that is how amazing this was), and now want to go on the tour. I definitely have always believed in ghosts and communicating with those who are no longer living, but I am certainly more of a see it to believe it kind of girl. Let me tell you, I believe it. The materials we used to communicate were so cool, and the amount of activity every group experienced (26 people divided into 4 groups) was astounding. In addition to my two cousins in two separate groups communicating with their mother who passed away years ago, all three of us (in three separate groups) communicated with my grandma who passed away 2 years ago. I know some people may be skeptical, but I can honestly say I got more from this experience then I ever could have imagined. I know I will be talking about this for years to come and I cannot wait to go back! -Sarah P.S. Sorry for such a long review! I have never even written a YELP review, as is indicated by me using my boyfriend's account to write this one, but this is how much I loved this experience!! :)
