I really loved staying at this hostel during my short trip to Chicago. The neighborhood is quiet and nice to walk through in the evenings especially. That being said it is a little bit far from the usual Chicago sites and you can expect 15-20 minutes on any transportation to the heart of the proverbial action, but there are bars and a little street of stores within a 5 minute walk of the hostel. Amenities & Staff: This hostel is very large and clean. They have Laundry, hostel events, large bathrooms similar to what you'd find at a shopping mall and very friendly staff. In fact the staff is what made this hostel a 5 instead of 4 stars. I was having a coughing fit and they even gave me a few cough drops. When I asked for directions or suggestions they wrote me step by step instructions and let me know things like safety without even asking. The kitchen is UH-MAZING. Not only is it large, but very well organized. Each guest can have a Tupperware container in the pantry and another in the fridge. This means your stuff is safe and the storage areas stay clean. During breakfast they have some nice staff helping to clean up dishes, though I felt a little awkward asking someone else to do my dishes when I just enjoyed free breakfast of cereal, fruit, bagels and juice. Guests: I only stayed here a few days, but the guests seemed different than other hostels I have stayed in. There was a very high number of U.S travellers and older folks when I was there. This means the vibe is less rowdy and more of a sleepy relaxed vibe. Many hostel guests opted to stay "home" at night and enjoy the in house events. I also noticed less intermingling between guests than in other hostels. People also tend to sleep in a lot more here so if you're an early morning plastic bag rustler ( you know who you are! Every hostel has a few) do that at night. Would I stay again? Yes and no. Yes I would stay at this hostel if I were going to Chicago and was generally interested in this area. I say no partly because of my overall opinion of Chicago. Chicago is not exactly a bustling metropolis of a city so you really need to stay in the heart of the action if you want to enjoy an active vacation where you're doing many different things. This hostel's location and comfortable nature lends more towards relaxing and maybe meandering out for a little bit during the day.
