My son was traveling to Prague on a school trip that had been booked through a travel agency. When we got to the airport he was told he could not travel because his passport would expire in less than 3 months. Another student was also denied travel for the same reason. The kids were devastated. (And needless to say, a tersely worded review of the travel agency WILL be written). The airline was as helpful as could be and directed us to the number to renew the passports. But panic set in as the "Appointment Specialist at the 1-877 number was less than helpful in trying to help us procure an appointment that was before the school trip actually ended. We thought all hope was lost, when I happened to yelp and find Bridget I's awesome review (it was the first listed)! THANK GOODNESS! It was so helpful! Here are my additional tips for making this a successful process: 1) Call the 1-877-487-2778 and, if you don't want to wait for all the verbage (there is too much) here are the numbers to push at each prompt: 1 - for English 2 - to make an appointment at a regional center 1 - to make an appointment within the next two weeks 1 - for a new appointment 4 - for the central region 1 - for Chicago 1 - for the first available appointment 1 - to accept the appointment Here you have to enter information and get the confirmation number before hanging up. Bring that number with you to your appointment. 2) Download and fill out the form you will need. For us it was the DS-11. If you are unsure you can call the 1-877 number and speak with a customer service rep or appointment specialist. They are good at giving you the general information that you could get from the website, but don't expect them to be helpful in getting an earlier appointment. They are useless in that aspect. 3) Get your passport pictures taken (we went to Walgreens) and attach one photo to form. 4) You will need proof of travel (ticket or itinerary) and ID's -- at the very least a driver's license and perhaps a birth certificate. The 1-877 people can tell you exactly what you need to bring. MAKE COPIES of all of these to turn in with you application. IMPORTANT: front AND back of IDs! 5) If you're a frantic mom such as myself, clean out your purse before you go. It's pretty embarrassing and unsettling to have to watch some poor guy sifting through tampons and candy wrappers to find that itty bitty Swiss Army knife that ALWAYS comes in handy EXCEPT in cases like this! 6) DO arrive before 8 am so that you have time to get through security where some frantic mom has stalled the line because she didn't clean out her purse. Also, you want to take advantage of early bird parking specials if you drove (we paid $15 for all day parking a block East on Adams). 7) DO wait on the second floor as directed before 8:15. You will be scolded and sent back down if you disobey. 8) DO take the elevator up to 18 as close to 8:15 as possible. There you will line up in an orderly fashion. No calls can be made on this floor so put your ringer on silent. You CAN text. 9) They will ask how many people have an appointment. Technically you do. Don't feel the need to explain to the security guard that it's not for two weeks. You can explain at the counter where they must hear that a lot because they seemed totally okay with it. You will turn in your documents, pay the $195 fee (make sure you have a credit card, money order, checkbook, or exact cash). While you do this you will notice a sign that says same day processing orders have to be in before 9:30 am. Whew! You did it! 10) They will tell you that they will process your passport for 1 pm and to arrive between 1 and 4. We arrived early and had to wait 40 minutes. Our friend arrived at 1:30 and got his right away. This waiting area is the only bad part of the process. It is quiet and cramped and people are a little on edge because numbers seemed to be called in random order. Be one of the lucky ones who can walk right in and get their passport right away by waiting an hour or two. 11) Check your passport. Make sure you got all your documents back. And sign it! And I would strongly suggest scanning it or making a copy before you leave. Safe Travels!!
