I was at the airport on Sunday, Dec 22, when I learned that my passport had expired a month prior. :( The airline gave me great advice and I went to this passport agency the next morning (arrived at 6.50am to get in a queue). I cannot make enough positive comments about this experience. Everyone (even the security guards) was terrific and supportive, giving all of us great tips regarding having forms printed/ready in advance, etc. The doors opened at 8.30, and by then there were about 25 of us poor schmucks in line. Within 45 minutes, I was through security, upstairs, paid, and sent on my way. I returned at 1pm, and had to wait a bit longer, but all in all it was so easy! Tips if you need a passport renewal on the same day: 1. Make sure you have new passport photos with you 2. Make sure you have filled out (and printed) the proper renewal form online (I would never have known this was needed if I had not first spoken to a facilitator. If you don't have the form, they send you downstairs to do it ---not good!) 3. Bring all the other items that they include on their list (ie proof of traveling, etc). 4. Be prepared to wait (others had to wait far longer than me) 5. Get there super duper early - it's worth it for peace of mind! 6. Bring entertainment (books etc). 7. Bring a charger for your cell phone or computer (no phone calls allowed;only internet stuff) 8. Know that they will accept credit cards. 9. Go ahead and call in advance to make an appointment, and have the referral number ready (even if the appointment is for days from when you need it - it shows you made an effort) 10. Know that your passport must be no less than three months until expiration in order to fly!! 11. Finally, have a positive attitude if that's possible. I could barely sleep last night for fear that I wouldn't get to Europe for Christmas. There's still no guarantee, but my odds are much better now that I've renewed my passport! Good luck - and next time, let's put this reminder in our calendars for 10 years from now!
