When I moved to Chicago 11 years ago, I was basically a scared kid.  I was barely out of college.  I was leaving behind a lot of people in Michigan.  I had no job lined up.  But I did have one thing going for me.  I was driving to Chicago with friends.  Not that I was going to turn around or anything (there wasn't much looking up for me if I did).  But the ride was so much less stressful with companions. Fast forward to my recent move to D.C.  It was amazing (and maybe sad) how little had changed.  But this time I was flying.  And flying alone.  And having a panic attack because of it. I just thank fate that I flew out of Midway.  O'Hare might have put me in such a fetal position state that I might have missed my flight! See, Midway is Chicago's small (in comparison) and stress free airport.  Right from the ride there.  While the ride there is longer from the north and west sides, it's the Orange Line.  A line that pretty much exists just to serve the airport.  The ride from downtown is much shorter.  And the cars are never as crowded.  And I have yet to see them smell like piss.  Even after a drunken Fire match (as Midway serves an extra function as the link to Toyota Park). Once there, it's amazing how quickly you're to and through the security lines.  Since they see less people than their O'Hare counterparts, both the ticket agents and security are friendly.  Well, as friendly as TSA agents get at least.  There's still the rubber glove and nakedy x-ray threat. In my panic the last time, I actually left my driver's license on the wrong side of security.  The agent in charge was very helpful - even giving me his card in case I got to BWI without it.  It turned out he was able to page me just as I was in line to board.  It's the extra service that makes this airport awesome. And the comfy (close to security) gate seats with plenty of outlets make for great calming influences.  I won't miss everything about Chicago.  But I will miss Midway.  It's a shame that most flights home to visit go through O'Hare.
