I love this hotel. It is right in the heart of the city within walking distance of wonderful shopping and restaurants. There is also a red line train stop 3 blocks away from the hotel. Pro Tip: Skip the cab line at the airport and instead pay $5 a person and take the train which connects straight into O'Hare. You might have to connect to a different line, but do your research beforehand and it's simple. Sure it takes longer because of the stops but hey, $5 versus $40 in cab fare... I think I know which I would rather do. Another reason I love this hotel? I got married here. Kristina, the event planner, is the most wonderful person on the planet. I credit her 100% for making our day so special. She went above and beyond anything we asked for and without her I know it wouldn't have turned out as amazing as it did. We came in to do a tasting so that the chefs could put together a menu specifically for our event, and it was hands down my favorite part of the wedding planning process. We got to sample about 100 different appetizers, entrees, drinks, desserts, and that was BEFORE they brought out the cake samples. I felt like royalty! Now, I know you are thinking.. Marriott food for a wedding?? Ew. Think again my friends. Some of the chefs there have been in the culinary field for 30 plus years and most everything is made each day from scratch. People still rave about the food we had, especially my cake which was meyer lemon with a cream cheese icing. They even house bees on the roof there and use the honey to brew their honey ale and make ice cream with it too! These people are pros. When we arrived at the hotel a few days before our event, Kristina greeted us by walking us over to the Starbucks on site and buying us some beverages. We got married in one of the upstairs suites that overlooked the city and lake. She put flowers and rose petals everywhere, as well as little candles and the entire room transformed into something I only would have thought possible in my dreams. She put a bottle of champagne in the fridge for us, left chocolate covered strawberries near our giant tub, and even left a pound of bacon in our fridge as a present to take home when we had joked with her earlier about how our dogs names were Maple and Bacon. Yep, this woman is a treasure. No other events were planned that day so we had an entire banquet floor to ourselves for the reception. Our colors were black, white, and silver and everything looked stunning and elegant. They set a dessert station up for us and my cake looked exactly like the picture I had given the baker to recreate. All of the waiters and bar stuff gave us superb service, even remembering which people we had said needed vegetarian plates. Honestly, I cannot think of one area they could have improved on to make our day better. It was total and utter perfection and I will forever be glad we chose them for our day. So whether you need a venue for a special event or just a room for a few nights, consider them because I promise you will be glad you did.
