This is a fantastic concept for a business.  There are tons of folks in and around Chicago who don't/can't own boats for a variety of reasons but would love to spend a few hours on the water with their friends or family.  CEBC makes that possible.  I also think it was brilliant of them to launch a daily deal offensive, lowering their reasonable prices even further to attract the attention of the masses.  Here's the skinny. I found CEBC through groupon:  $99 for two hours!  Since the boats hold 10 people, that's like putting fun on sale.  The boats are small and electric (duh) with a max speed of about 7 mph, and you can operate them yourself!  Yes, dreams do come true.  The boats all have canopies, so don't expect to get a tan.  They also have side flaps for inclimate weather, but I wouldn't recommend heading out in bad weather since the small boats will get tossed all over the place in choppy water.  They provide an ipod hookup and cord, and the boat speakers are surprisingly good.  There are restrooms available at the marina.  I dealt with the operations manager as well as the two employees manning the office the evening of our rental.  All were friendly and responsive.  Our cruise was limited to the river but that was plenty to keep us busy for 2 hours.  The boat was easy to operate (forward, reverse, steering wheel) and clean.  Docking at the end of our two hours was the most complicated maneuver of our cruise.  We witnessed another group practically get plowed over by a water taxi during several failed attempts to dock.  The CEBC employees hustled down to assist them and everyone made it into their slip, safe and sound.   There are two things that CEBC should clarify on their website.  First, the location is a bit hard to find for someone who has never been to that particular marina, and there are no signs for CEBC.  This is problematic if you're toting multiple cases of beer.  To get there, walk around the north side of Smith and Wollensky's and hang a left.  You'll see a kiosk and an elevator.  Take the elevator down to B (Marina).  Veer right and you'll see an ice machine and a glass office.  That's where you want to be.   Second, they'll sell you a bag of ice for $6 or $7, and the website says you can borrow a cooler for the boat.  This is NOT a large cooler but rather, a small, handle-on-top Playmate style deal.  Great for fruit or sandwiches, not great for a group of alcoholics and their two cases of beer.  Fortunately, our beer was already cold so it wasn't a big deal that only 5 cans fit in the cooler.  Just would have been nice to know ahead of time. I really hope there aren't any safety incidents due to the unchaperoned nature of the voyages because this is a great business with lots of potential.  Hopefully the $500 deposit (only charged if you break the boat) will deter shenanigans. Highly recommend!
