My wife and I were visiting Chicago on a "babymoon". The goal was to live life to the fullest before the birth of our little one steals all of our youth. She is 7 months pregnant so I looked for tours that were not heavy on walking. There are not very many that are highly rated. When I asked her if she wanted to do a pizza tour, her smile while rubbing her belly that told me everything I needed to know. I had a slight mishap when booking which was 100% my fault. A quick email to Jonathan fixed it all up, and we were set to stuff our faces. Directions were very clear to the meeting spot. We sat down with our group of 20 other pizza lovers and were served piping hot slices of goodness. Jonathan is personable, funny, and down to earth. He is the type of guy that will do whatever it takes within his power to make a customer satisfied with their experience. That sort of customer service is hard to find these days. The bus picked us up after eating and shuttled us to the next location. During the ride, Jonathan talked about Chicago history, pointed out locations, and took questions. The tour met around 11AM and concluded around 2:30ish. The pizza was great at all the locations we went to. During a ride between locations he explained how they pick their stops. They do the hard job of "researching" different spots and try several different types of pizza before they put them on the list. They analyze the sauce, crust, and cheese and categorize them into different styles so the tour is diverse. If they have smaller groups mid-week, they are able to stop at smaller joints that are a little off the beaten path. Weekends are a mixture of which places can accommodate the larger groups. This makes perfect sense to me and also tells me you could take this tour more than once and get a different experience both times. I would recommend doing this tour early in your trip if possible. This will allow you to go back to places you saw or ate at that you liked. We also asked Jonathan on some advice on things to do while we were there and he delivered some good suggestions. We had a great time and want to thank Chicago Pizza Tours for the great service. I will be recommending it to anyone that is planning a visit.
