I went on the Chicago Dine-Around tour a few weeks ago with friends, and still cannot stop thinking about it.  It was so much better than I expected, it was really the complete dining experience.  Our out-of-town friends surprised my husband and I with a last minute vacation to Chicago.  We were indecisive on where to take them.  The city has so much to offer, but how do we squeeze it all in on a Saturday night. We  were a group of 6, so getting a dinner reservation last minute was extremely challenging (unless we wanted a 9 PM reservation).   I was doing some research on the internet, and came across the Chicago Dine-Around tour.   This is how the tour went: The meeting spot for the tour was at the John Hancock.  From there, we got on a coach bus and headed to Reza's for appetizers.  At Reza's we were served hummus, falafill, and a Mediterranean salad.  The food was delicious and the homemade pita was amazing.  I left so full and a little buzzed from all the wine, I probably should have paced myself better.   We got back on the bus and headed  to restaurant 2, Scoozi.  I was excited that we were going to Scoozi, it is one of my favorite Italian spots downtown. Scoozi was exceptional. Since I do not eat meat, they made me a special dish, butternut squash ravioli.  Wow, it was incredible.  Everybody else was served a chicken dish and pasta pomodoro.  That pasta was also amazing.  Scoozi was a major success, I cannot wait to go back. It was time for dessert so we headed to Wishbone.  I have eaten brunch at Wishbone in the past, but never had their dessert.  Wow, wow, wow.  The chocolate pecan pie was to-die-for.  It was rich and delicious.  A perfect ending to the perfect night out. This was such an enjoyable evening.  My friends and I had a lot of fun, even on the bus!  The tour guide, Brandon, was very interactive.  On or way to each restaurant, we learned some interesting facts about Chicago.  We also met a bunch of new people.  This tour is not just about the food, it is also very social.  You sit with different people at each restaurant, so you are constantly interacting with other people on the tour.  We met local people from Chicago and also visitors from Wyoming, Texas, California, and Australia.  What a fantastic night, I cannot wait to do it again!
