Holy stroke of genius! Why didn't I think of this? Crap. It was my friend's 28th birthday and she was growing tired of the same ol club scene. Honestly, me too. I was thinking about blowing her off if she was going to tell me to meet her at a club, possibly would have flipped out on her. Luckily, she saved herself by finding this cool idea. So she purchased tickets and rounded up the troops. Some of us were beer aficionados, some not. Never fret, they had something for everyone. There is this cool party bus that seats about 14 and they play cool music. They were setting the stage perfectly for a Brew Bus tour. The tour began at Goose Island where we met Kevin and Chris. Two of the most beer educated and friendly guys you could ever meet. It was so refreshing to see the founders of that company taking time out to run the tour and interact with patrons of Chicago Brew Bus Tours. I can only wish for that type of customer service in other places.  The Brew Bus took us to Moonshine and Haymarket. We had the pleasure to take tours of the various brewing facilities and how each special blend is made. It's really awesome to drink the actual beer as you see it being made; you appreciate beer that much more. The facilities the beer was being made was so advanced and complex...I am glad I left it to the Brew Bus staff to school me on it whilst I drank. The best part of the tours was the tastings afterwards. I have been to wine tours before and had little sips of wines here and there. This was totally different. LOTS of BEER, FREQUENTLY. I like the words beer and frequently in the same sentence. Sounds good, aye? The Brew bus tour is genius because you can still keep your friends together without having to worry about designated drivers and such. Chicago Brew Bus takes care of it all. In Summary, Awesome trip, awesome owners/tour guides, cool bus, cool music, great tasting beer, and memories with friends that will last a lifetime. My friends and I are already recommending this place to others and I extend that to you. You will have a ball. I came out of that tour knowing much more about crafting brews and loving beer even though I wasn't too much of a beer gal. The tickets are super reasonable which is a godsend in this town. Well worth the money for the good times alone. Can't wait to do it again with a different set of friends. Cheers Chicago Brew Bus!
