Okay people, listen up! Everyone pay attention, an important community announcement is about to take place. Do you like ridiculously awesome stuff? Do you like ridiculously awesome stuff that is 100% free? Who the heck gives that stuff away, you ask? My friends, let me introduce you to the best kept secret in Chicago cultural circles, the InstaGreeter! Upon moving to Chicago from California, my sister (who was the original Yelp! back when we had to check newspapers (what are those again?) for local culture and events. What a quaint thought eh? Oh well, back to the main story! I didn't end up taking the tour until almost two years later, and what a fool I was for not taking advantage of this sooner! I've always been intrigued by the history, culture and architecture of the City of Chicago, well before moving here. Perhaps watching all those old films that were shot here makes one nostalgic. When you watch one of those old films, the buildings become one of the characters unto themselves, no less than their flesh and blood counterparts. The Chicago Greeter Program is masterfully orchestrated by an all-volunteer staff of locals who graciously volunteer their time. It has been about a year now, but I want to say Edward was his name, a retired gentleman who was a brain trust of just about every city block we walked on! Our goal was to visit Old Town, which we hit at a very leisurely pace. Ed let us pace the tour, so if we found something that required more answers, he'd just stop and fill us in on the details until we were ready to proceed. Unlike many tours which rush you along at a breakneck pace, this was a welcome change of format. Amongst the amazing things that Ed pointed out included: +The fantastic Chicago Cultural Center on Randolph, including the jaw-dropping Tiffany stain glass dome, gorgeous paintings, and intricate marble + Moody's Bible Institute Choir (amazing chorale music if that's your thing) + The Spice House (200+ reviews here on Yelp, virtually all of them 5 stars, including from this author) + The last remaining wooden street planks from before the Chicago Fire of 1871, you're literally walking on history! + An actual historical hotel where the original Rat Pack used to hang out and sip cocktails + Notches on the curbs where they were used at one time for street vendors to sell paintings and stay within their prescribed areas + The homes of famous Chicagoans and when they were bought, sold, and the history of the people who have lived in them + Tips on where to get a great meal (if your iPhone battery dies, Ed is your living, breathing Yelp app, for real) Pros: + Ridiculously knowledgeable tour guide + If Ed was on Chicago-style Jeopardy, just forfeit and hand the prize to this man already + 100% free + No hidden costs + Did I mention that it is free? + You get to chill with the friendliest neighbors in Chicago + The tour will flow at the pace you dictate + Our guide was willing to stop anywhere along the way when we needed breaks or a bite to eat + Ed convinced me to use Yelp more frequently, and have been addicted ever since + By taking one of these tours, you are passing the legacy of local knowledge, which should be a quintessential virtue to any true Yelper! (TRIPLE EMPHASIS IN ANNOYING CAPS TO GET THE POINT ACROSS!) Cons: - Seriously? If you are one of my friends and you're reading this now, but haven't taken the tour yet, now is the time to act. I will seriously consider having you arrested by the cultural police if I found out you've slacked off and haven't paid these guys a visit. (Fin)
