I went into this with low expectations, not because I don't believe but because I really wanted to hear from family.  The experience starts with a walk through a beautiful and edgy building up to an area where you are given a background on spirits and the like. Then they go over how to use your equipment and put you into groups.  Lucky for us we had 4 in our family group and were able to stay together.  After this explanation of everything they show you the difference between electronic interference and true energy changes  Then you are off to the basement, which is said to be very active.   As soon as we made it to the basement and were being told where to go and where to avoid for safety, my k2 meter and someone in the other groups went off as well.  We made slight contact with that spirit but decided to move on.  Our group was drawn to one room, this would end up being the room we spent the rest of the night in.   We met a spirit who took a liking to my younger cousin and answered quickly and off the charts to her questions.  Our guide noticed this and knowing that we were hoping to contact family or BYOG (Bring your own ghosts as they call it) she suggested we ask our spirit if he were willing to do this.  He was willing and withing seconds it was confirmed through questions that she was there and she had passed almost 9 years ago. We were able to get answers to yes or no questions through the diving rods (I went home and immediately purchased my own).  When the first spirit answered he just crossed or straightened out the rods.  When my grandmother answered so crossed them until they touched my arms.  The guide called this a hug and it really felt like that to me.  We were also able to contact a cousin, a grandfather and lastly my great grandfather.  It was interesting to feel the different energies move the rods, each of the ones we encountered had a distinct difference.   I left that night feeling happy in my soul over my experience.  Please come with an open mind and give this a chance you may walk away happier than you can ever imagine.
