I'm in Chicago while the air is crisp and the leaves are bursting in yellows, oranges, reds and purples. I swear it seems like each leaf has a hidden halogen bulb - they seem to glow from the inside! I am SMITTEN by Chicago! We are here because Hubs has a conference. This left me independent and on my own for Monday and Tuesday. Oh darn - what will I do? Activities are never a problem for me. I don't mind cruising on my own. There are museums, shopping, animal shelters, shopping, architectural tours, shopping.  But eating alone always stops me cold. Weird huh? I was given the book "Never Eat Alone" because I'd never buy it. Duh, why would anyone choose to eat alone??? Anyway, thanks to my workout bud at the Honolulu Club I learned about walking food tours. Wow! What a fun concept! From what he described it sounded like my favorite to-dos rolled up in one big delicious maki sushi: walking, eating & shopping! I jumped on the internet and booked a tour for each day. Today's tour was of Chicago's Old Town and Gold Coast. Our guide Colleen rocked! By night she is a comedian in the city's clubs and by day she is a ChiFoods tour guide. Needless to say, she was F U N!   The tour covered about 1.5 miles including six food stops and multiple area highlights. We stopped at Lou Malnati's, TeaGschwender, Kamehachi Sushi, The Fudge Pot, The Spice Shop and Delightful Pastries. I learned so many interesting tidbits like vinegars get sweeter the longer they are aged and Viet Nam has the most intense cinnamon. All of the food was yum and Colleen made every morsel of information intriguing. We learned a lot about the city's history and even stopped in front of Hugh Hefner's first mansion!  So fun! The food was more than ample. Truth be told, I could not consume all of the yums we were dished and ended up giving away my perogies and macaroons. I'm so looking forward to tomorrow's Bucktown and Wickerpark tour! Chee-hoo to ChiFood tours! Venues; 5 stars Food: 5 stars Entertainment (as in tour guide's talents): 5 stars Ambiance: 5 stars (OMG the spice class under the trees with the changing colors RULES) TOTAL; 5 stars!
