I booked a really weird, last-minute ticket that more or less gave me a general Star Alliance tour: United from DFW to O'Hare, Lufthansa to Casablanca via Frankfurt, then Lufthansa back to Frankfurt on Air Canada back to DFW via Toronto. I really enjoyed the service on Lufthansa. The flight attendants were nice, accommodating and friendly without being obnoxious like those on Southwest. The meal was pretty good... oh, and there was free booze. Well, wine and beer that I recall, but still free booze. A complaint I have that I don't consider to really be a complaint (but depending on your tastes, you might not enjoy it... and also, it isn't entirely Lufthansa's fault) was the layover in Frankfurt on the way to Morocco. 8 hours. That's quite long, BUT, the airport is pretty convenient to central Frankfurt and because US citizens don't need a visa or anything to clear immigration I was able to take a quick trip to the city. The seats weren't the most comfortable I've ever used, but not the worst. I didn't like the fabric on them because it was kind of rough. I did get butt pain from them too, which I've gotten on all but a handful of airlines. Other factors some people don't consider is how reasonable Lufthansa is on pricing when it comes to open jaw tickets. In other words: depart one city for a particular destination and return from that destination to a different city OR depart one city for a destination and return from a different city to your original departure point. Complicated? Not really, especially considering how likely it is people will want to move around Europe once there without the hassle of returning to your original airport. In other words, you could fly into Frankfurt, go wherever you want by land and return home from Prague. Anyway, the pricing is reasonable on this carrier. But hey, the planes are clean, the service was great, the food was good and in the end, I do have plans to see other parts of Europe in the future and fully intend to use Lufthansa again.
