Ahoy, matey!  This here story is not for landlubbers--it's for those souls brave enough to board the man-o-war ship with the Jolly Rogers flag. The Wacky Pirate Cruise from Mercury is perfect for the young lads and lassies in your life, especially if they have big imaginations. Sir Captain Pirate Drake, a fine bucko--age seven--loves pirates. He's also my nephew and an all-around great kid. Have you ever read Calvin and Hobbes? He's basically Calvin. Me, I'm just part of the support crew. For this day only, I got promoted to the role of first mate. When my boyfriend drove us all to the corner of Wacker and Michigan Avenue that morning, Sir Captain Pirate Drake was naturally the first one to spot the man on the corner: dressed up with a bandana and a vest over a classic pirate shirt, this was clearly a real captain. "It's a real pirate, can I talk to him, please, please, please?!!" my nephew begged as we parked around the corner. I got out of the car and asked the question that I already knew the answer to: "Hello, excuse me sir, are you Buccaneer Bob? I have a seven year-old nephew who would love to join your cruise today." "Yes ma'am! Ahoy! We're setting sail in 20 minutes! Can't wait to meet him!" And with that, I went into the trunk and took out the kit I'd bought at the Dollar Tree just for this moment: a pirate hat, eye patch, and hook. I went into the backseat and transformed my nephew, who goes by Drake when on land, into Sir Captain Pirate Drake. "Ahoy!" He said to Buccaneer Bob, "You're the first REAL pirate I've ever met!" Buccaneer Bob grinned and gave him a temporary tattoo and they had a conversation in pirate speak. From then on, it was clear that my nephew was enraptured--he had a new idol. "Arrr! Don't let anybody tell you that you can't be a pirate when you grow up, lad! I'm proof that it can be done," Buccaneer Bob said. It only got better from there. When Sir Captain Pirate Drake found out that he was going to get to board a real boat for the first time--a pirate ship no less--he was even more ecstatic. Buccaneer Bob did an impressive job of holding court onboard--from telling jokes to giving lads and lassies formal pirate names, he made all of the kids feel like real pirates. We recited real Pirate Oaths and got certificates of survival (that doubled as telescopes for the imaginative kids), and ran a shot across the bow to a nearby cruise, making the other passengers laugh at the boisterous young pirates. The next day, Sir Captain Pirate Drake still insisted on wearing at least his eyepatch at all times. He remembered a lot from the cruise, saying things like "And you know what? When I grow up, I'm going to be just like Buccaneer Bob. I just need to grow a beard. And you know what pirates eat for lunch? Parrots! And you know what? Buccaneer Bob is my best buddy. Can we see Buccaneer Bob again tomorrow please?" I don't think it's possible to have a kid in your life as sweet and cheerful as Sir Captain Pirate Drake. But if you have a child in your life who you love as much as I love my nephew, who loves pirates as much as he does, you must take that kid on the Wacky Pirate Cruise. Otherwise, you're both missing out on so much fun that you might as well walk the plank.
