I'm a long time rider or the South Shore line. Usually Gary to Chicago, but I've used the Miller, Hammond, Clark Street, and East Chicago stations as well. This is how I visit my family while living in Chicago...and I would not have it any other way. For the price, you just can't beat it. It has went up over time, as I remember one way trips being $4 from Gary to Randolph. But hey, doing the same on Greyhound is still more money at the end of the day. I love the train and being able to see everything as you ride along. Just reminds of my childhood. Sorry, flashback... Anyways, it's $5.75 now to do the same trip, one way. Not bad. On holidays, children ride for cheaper, which I love and parents appreciate when traveling for fireworks. Now, those are the busy and crowd days. In addition, as Christmas comes around, except the trains to be packed with shoppers and visitors from and to the city. The trains are more late in the summer, in my experiences. Not really sure why any where from 2 to 15 minutes. Any other time, it's on time and I usually get left :( Please be sure you go online to find the schedule, as the schedule changes A LOT! Like, every three months or so. So if you picked up a printed schedule this summer that says it changed in July, fyi that SSCRS has a new one dated for this month (Oct). The stations are OK. Gary Metro Station is a bit scary, especially now not having too many businesses in their station and greyhound service stops here. However they just revamped the platform.  Don't visit the bathrooms in Gary. Half the time, there is not toilet paper. My favorite platform in Hammond. The station is a bit newer and  feels safer. It also reminders me a lot of the Chicago El platforms. Clark street is on the street, no lie. And most of the time, the train will not stop there, so look at your schedule carefully. Additionally, you will have to press a button for the train to stop. Don't feel like doing all this,  go to the Gary station. Lastly, Hammond has a shelter there for you in the winter, but the platform is small. Overall, I love the south shore line. I pray I am able to take my kids on it one day for a trip to the big city. It's a effective way of bridging NWI to Chicago and I will never complain about that.
