My husband and I recently had our wedding at MileNorth and could not have been more pleased with our event. Allison Kearns was our point person, and she was a godsend. It was so nice having someone to contact to ask all my annoying questions beforehand and to steer the ship the day of. Allison is professional and warm---exactly the kind of person you want helping you with your wedding. We had our ceremony at C-View at 4 pm, prior to opening. The staff set up the deck so nearly all of our ~70 guests were able to sit (we were expecting some would have to stand, since the roofdeck isn't really set up for this type of event). The space was absolutely beautiful, with tropical plants around us and the city as the backdrop. After the ceremony, we had a cocktail hour on the second floor. Drinks and canapés were flowing and our guests had a great time. We did a plated dinner in which guests could decide that night what they wanted to eat. Several people mentioned that they had never been to a wedding with that setup, so that was pretty cool. :) The food was delicious and impressive (catered by C-House). Of course we did dancing and the whole bit, too---the whole night went very smoothly. Allison's colleague Brandon (catering manager) took over around 6 pm and made sure the rest of the night went off without a hitch. He was awesome as well---very sweet and attentive to whatever we needed. The whole staff was fabulous, from bartenders to managers. My mom also hosted a brunch for us at the hotel the next morning, and it was just beautiful. Wonderful food and setting and same great service. We just managed to get back to the hotel after about 2 weeks (we went on our honeymoon right after), and Allison had kindly saved our cake topper, cake stand, and my bouquet. Even after our event, they were taking care of us. Highly recommend MileNorth for an event like ours. We have also been to the hotel previously just to stay overnight, to C-House, and to C-View. All-around great hotel with excellent amenities and staff.
