I really have NO idea why it took me so long to review this place, it must be the Overtime at work, cause no joke, I have been dying to write about how exceptional this hotel is. Every Valentines Day weekend my husband and I follow a tradition... it was our first date 7 years ago on vday (insert cheey-ness now), but we utterly love this weekend.  It is a little getaway for us and lets not forget eating some great Chicago food.  Dinner is always at Tavern on Rush (LOVE IT), drinks at whatever bar we like, breakfast at The Original Pancake House (yum) and the Chicago Auto Show.  We never stay at the same hotel cause we like to stay all over... however, I think we have found one amazing little gem. We picked the Knickerbocker for two main reasons, price and location.  For $100 a night in the city, its a steal.  Then, it is within a short walking distance to Tavern.  Once we enter the building, we can tell that a wedding is going on and everybody is pre-drinking in the lobby/martini bar.  I am instantly jealous, cause not only do I LOVE weddings, but this seems like an amazing hotel to have your wedding at.  We check in and the front desk clerk has to be the nicest guy.  He asks us if we are celebrating anything, how are commute from the Burg was, if we need a taxi to dinner, etc.  Also informs us that the lobby area will clear out in about 30 mins for the wedding. Elevator is small, but its an older hotel, and its not slow, so I'd rather it be small than opposed to slow.  On our floor people are pre-drinking in the huge common area for the wedding (once again, jealousy enters my brain).  Our room is just perfect and the shower was my favorite part.  Pretty big for a hotel shower, rainfall shower head and an additional wand.  We get dressed for our night out and visit the Martini bar.  The bill is quite high $30 for two drinks, but this is the city AND there was no skimping on the alcohol.  I mean we both walked out feeling a little fuzzy and hungry for dinner. We just loved everything about it... its almost hard to put it in words.  All of the upgrades in the room were great, loved that it was a boutique hotel, the location, the staff, etc. I am sure we will be back next year :)
