This is a 5 star spa in the TRUEST sense. I am a spa aficionado and have tried basically every spa in Chicago from Aveda to Bliss to medspas.   My boyfriend surprised me with a couples massage here on my birthday a few weeks ago and I beyond impressed. First of all, the atmosphere is amazing.  The spa itself is off of the main hotel area some distance which is exactly how it should be.  I believe that a spa space should create a world of it's own and MySpa did just that.  Second, the decor is very tranquil and high end all glass and stone very clean and minimalist looking. Whoever designed this place, A+ for you.   When he and I got there there we were immediately greeted by a well dressed man and then taken back to our respective locker rooms.  The locker room was very clean and very nice.  I was given a quick tour by a well dressed woman and I said in passing that this spa trip was for my birthday when she asked me why we had booked a couple's massage. (first time anyone knew about it being my birthday as he hadn't told them)  I changed and got in a nice robe and was given sandals that FIT my 6.5 size feet  (a big deal to use small footed ladies who hate the big boat sandals they usually give us!).  Then I went to the relaxing room where they had tea and coffee and honey and cucumber water.  The massage therapist came to get me and got him from his room.  We were taken simultaneously to our massage room where 2 tables were set up. The room was very lovely, it had greenish blue lighting and a tub set up like a small pond.  It was spacious and serene and very romantic (cause hey, couples massages ARE supposed to be romantic right?).  They left us to disrobe and get under the sheets of our tables.  Then the massage therapists came back in and treated us both to amazing 50 minute massages which were performed at the same pace. It was a body melting experience.   Some of the nicest things they do during the massage: -Hot damp towels wrapping the feet during one part of the massage -making sure your eyes are covered with a nice compress to keep the light out -hot towel around the outside of the face during one part of the massage -nice non greasy massage lotion The topper?? On the way out the nicely dressed lady surprised me with a gift bag for my birthday! She did this totally on the fly with no notice and it really was a wonderful surprise! It made the whole thing that much nicer! They REALLY go the extra mile there! After the massage I enjoyed the eucalyptus steam room (HEAVEN!) and felt ten thousand pounds lighter!  I should also mention: most places use massage oils that break out my sensitive skin but NOT this place! My skin was better after the massage! Now that is rare for me.
