I'm a huge fan of National Rental Car, and this is by far one of their best locations. I always get a nearly new car (under 25k miles - but often with 7k or less) I love that! My work's corporate offices are based right outside of Chicago so I fly in town and rent here frequently. The staff here is so pleasant and helpful. In the past National and Alamo were the only rental car locations off site from the airport, but this week all of the rental car companies were moved to a parking garage off site. This was a bit confusing since I had the routine down pact prior. But as always the staff was so helpful it was a seamless transition. I caught the shuttle bus outside baggage claim, they helped me with my bag and drove me right to rental car garage - didn't even have to sit and wait. When I got there there were plenty of signs pointing me to the second floor (for Emerald Club members). I took the elevator and immediately as I walked out I was greeted by a pleasant gentleman who offered me a cold bottle of water and a map. I declined the map because i knew were I was going but the water was a nice surprise. With National I always get to choose my own car (one of the many reasons I love them). He pointed me to my section and he told me I could choose 3 since I was so pretty. That made my day! I picked my car, he helped me with my bag (put it in the trunk for me) and he pointed me to the exit. At the exit I just show my ID and the paper sitting on the dash that has a barcode they scan to tell them the car I rented. It's a quick 2 minute process, they look me up, ask me if I want to prepay my gas or if I need a GPS and I'm on my way. Nothing to sign, no silly waivers for insurance, no walking around the car crap - they have all of my preferences saved. I love how easy everything is here! My return of the car was just as smooth. No wait, no extra fee for gas even though I was a little below Full and they pointed me right towards the elevators down to the shuttle. I love when a company is respectful of your time and makes you feel important.
