Food court, Border's, Claire's, Long Grove, ample food court, crowded bathrooms, two bars, popcorn shop, and uhhh...right--the tiny section that facilitates stationed trains. First time passengers of the Metra may feel confused walking into this colossal mall of a station. However, your confusion will soon dissipate as you become overwhelmingly distracted by five o'clock rush of business men and women who have prepared themselves with gym shoes. Chuckles aren't easy to disguise as you see the money makers of the western suburbs literally jogging with urgency but can't quite make a full-out run. You wonder, did this guy really buy gym shoes just for this? These shoes wait around the clock like a mopey dog that gets walked 3 minutes a day? He went to Sports Authority, told the salesperson he needed shoes to suffice a rigorous 3 minute jog? These shoes are kept where? He brings a plastic bag with him to work? You can really have a mental monologue trying to figure out the daily lives of these flocks of people. But really--people are watching, keep it inside. Besides the comedic relief from immediate confusion, you'll soon notice this station is really not that intimidating. I find shining time station across the street a little more difficult to navigate for first timers. Signs are around all escalators showing where the trains are hiding. There are also signs pointing in the direction of the surrounding streets. The first level makes transferring to CTA buses a breeze. If you aren't quite ready for the journey to wherever it is you are going in Chicago, the bathrooms contain many stalls just waiting for you to urinate. From my experiences, the lines move pretty quickly, and I don't think I've ever not seen a cleaning lady inside. Depending on what time you are leaving, what day, and what particularly maddening events are going on, your trip home on the Metra might be one of the most entertaining things you'll experience for the week. Late night Cubs/Sox game result in a drunken banter between passengers, and subsequent rearranging of passengers by the conductors. Just a tip, conductors aren't people you want to mess around with. It's rare they can crack a smile, and with the amount of inebriated, obnoxious patrons, you wouldn't expect them to be comedians. Overall, Ogilivie makes my arrival to Chicago a pleasant one. With Jamba Juice just steps away from the platform, stopping on the way to my destination isn't even necessary. Thanks!
