In the early 90's, there was a building that stood where today's Ogilvie station stands but it was a tad shittier.  It was then Metra, amongst others, decided to invest and rehabilitate the station but maintain the 45,000+ commuter daily operational system it housed.  Immediately upon entering the building you recognize the galvanized effort it took to develop a room big enough for thousands of people to keep moving and never be in each other's way.   I'm talkin' dual upward escalator shit in case you're afraid of homo.  I'm talking ample walking lanes and ridiculous amounts of seating.  I suspect there is a less known, slightly secretive place to eat here that I've yet to discover.  If that is the case, dear reader, I shall keep you posted. I went to Arby's.  This is a small but fast-as-shit Arby's.  The one time when you go to Arby's and don't feel like an outsider at an Alzheimer's convention.  They were ready to take my order before I was.   They had it ready before I could prepare my packets of horsey sauce.  We sat in the iPod looking chairs by Panda Express and upon first bite I was reminded what Comfort Food means.  The food was ridiculously fresh for having come from fast food.  Rest assured this Arby's is well run.  The curly fries were more like fried eyebrows in terms of shape; indeed, I only had one truly curly fry. The Lids here sucks. The gift shop is cool, good place for football helmet keychains.  The facemasks were kind of retarded shaped, however. The Walden store was pretty comprehensive, they had almost everything.  Whoopie cushions, sparkling eyeball bouncy balls, and its' arch nemesis pinky the ball, who actually bounces higher.  There is the motorized scuba man who swims with his fists instead of his hands to punch any bothersome sharks.  There was a banagram fanny pack.  We theorized that the zombie genre will eventually take over fiction as a whole, much like the premise of zombie's themselves.  Zombie Lolita.  Zombie Ulysses.  To Kill A Zombie Mockingbird.  Zombie Guitar Nation. Lastly, there's the perfect amount of white noise so that you can have a conversation and not worry about someone overhearing the semi-controversial topics you may be discussing.  But, also during the lulls in conversation you can listen to parts of other conversations.  No more awkward. "This is how I feel, man, I had a wonderful experience here." - Easton
