Four of us stayed here for the Bears-Saints  game December 15, and had a long weekend.   First, the hotel is situated right off Michigan and Huron.  Great location in just about the center of the Magnificent Mile.  Only blocks from Water Tower Place and then all the other stores along Michigan avenue.  The ladies shopped until the guys dropped :-). Now to the hotel.  Great place.  The staff were really really friendly and of course jokingly anti-Saints but then that's part of going to away games.  They were really great from the door staff to the Assistant GM (more on that in a moment). The rooms are nice, smallish suites with sitting area and separate bedroom.  Nicely laid out with quality furniture and so on, as you would expect.   Although they aren't huge, I prefer the rooms here to those at the Ritz-Carlton where we stayed last season.   Anyway, the rooms are nicely appointed overall, but I do dislike the tiny flat screen TV in the bedrooms.  Mostly out of necessity I realize but some small design changes would make a difference. Storage was adequate for a short stay and the bathroom was roomy.  The rooms are nice and quiet and the view from my room was nice (overlooking Michigan). I hate being nickel and dimed about wifi, and so I joined their club to get free wifi.  Otherwise it's $10 per day, which is ridiculous.  Just because you can afford it doesn't make it right, you know? To the night manager:  We had a ton of bags from Water Tower Place, and they offered delivery to the hotel.  Being guys, we jumped at the chance to not drag dozens of bags around and so we had them delivered. There was snafu with this, because we actually used the service for two different deliveries.  On arriving back at the hotel after the mall had closed (Sunday), we found that some of our packages weren't there.  The manager spent the next hour on the phone figuring out what had happened and, voila!  We had packages (and some of it was Vuitton and a Coach bag, whew!). Anyway, that was above and beyond if you ask me, and we really appreciated his concern.   As for dining options, it's the usual so-so breakfast buffet but with a few nice twists, including house-made prosciutto and salumes, as well as some cheeses and a nice assortment of interesting toppings for omelets (eggplant "salsa" was great!). Lunch was very good and we went out for dinner but enjoyed the lunch enough that we ate there a couple of times. All in all, this will be my hotel of choice in the future when I am back in Chicago.
