This hotel has everything - classy decor, friendly service, trilobites in the lobby, complimentary lemonade for those warm summer days in Chicago...it's bliss. We arrived after a long afternoon of standing in line for one last hurrah at Hot Doug's (4.5 hours of wait time, 100% worth it), and were admittedly a little grimy and rough around the edges. No attitude from the staff, who greeted us warmly and helped with our check-in process. As diamond members, we were offered a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine, which seemed like the perfect way to top off a meal of encased meats. The front desk attendant seemed genuinely disappointed that we didn't accept a cheese plate or macarons, but food did not sound appealing at that point. After a speedy check-in, we were whisked away to our room by a helpful bellman who told us about all of the hotel's features. Our room was spectacular! We stayed in a Water Tower King, and it was one of the better rooms I've experienced in a hotel (definitely puts the D.C. Mandarin Oriental to shame). Everything was in its place, with high-end finishes and zero maintenance issues. We had a great view of the lake, complimented by a fantastic window seat just made for daydreaming. The shades raise and lower from a switch conveniently located right next to your bed. The bed, by the way, was as comfortable as you'd imagine it would be. And the bathroom... When you stay at the Park Hyatt Chicago, you will experience the wonder of a two-person giant bathtub with complimentary bath salts (the kind for bathing, not the redneck wonderland drug). The bathtub is situated so that you can open a partition and see into your hotel room, and consequently the beautiful view of Lake Michigan. The bathroom also has its own TV and phone, in case you need to take a conference call and lounge at the same time. Not into bathtubs? Don't worry, there's a huge shower available for you as well, and counter space for days! Seriously, when I build a house, I'm modeling my bathroom design on the Park Hyatt bathrooms. Function and beauty in one glorious package (although the lighting could have been better for makeup...the lights point down from directly overhead, creating inconvenient shadowing). We received complimentary breakfast in the hotel restaurant, thanks to diamond status. Since we spent the evening before drinking it up at HQ Beercade, I was in rough shape and needed a pick-me-up. The restaurant has a juice bar, and they were advertising a watermelon-lime-ginger concoction that sounded refreshing. People, let me tell you - that concoction will kill your hangover dead, and I dream of it to this day. Pair it with the bacon cheddar scramble with homemade bread (delicious) and you will be on your way to feeling amazing in no time! Did I mention that hangovers are way more manageable when surrounded by luxurious marble, fine hardwood, and a lovely view? Try not to laugh at the people next to you who name drop Oprah every five minutes while having a breakfast meeting at 8am on a Saturday (who does that?). Checkout was a breeze, and the front desk clerk kindly noted which room we stayed in for our next reservation. Honestly, this was one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had, and the level of professionalism shown by every staff member was top notch. For a business trip, I can only imagine that they'd be able to accommodate your every need. If their event staff is anything like the staff I interacted with, hosting an event here is probably worth every penny. And for pleasure, you really can't ask for more. Bravo, Park Hyatt Chicago! Can't wait for our next stay!
