I stayed at this hotel for a whole week. I have lots to say.... all good things but first a tiny complaint: The Water Tower King rooms are great for the view and they're huge. But be warned requesting them will place you in the lower half of the hotel that starts on 7th floor with the Nomi  and Spa level and the guest rooms go up from 8 to 16 or so. I think Lake view Kings are the upper floor equivalents. The top half of the tower is residences so it has nothing to do with the hotel -- don't dream about staying above 18th floor unless you're buying a penthouse from this building :-) The only complaint I would have for this hotel happens to be something no one can fix:  The awesome location at the heart of the shopping district on the magnificent mile north also puts this hotel almost right next to the children's hospital that dispatches ambulances nonstop around the clock. Either Chicago has an army of ailing youngsters or this hospital has really mean awful ambulance drivers. They did not stop with the sirens for more than an hour and this was around the clock. I was awakened several times at 3am and 4 am by sirens. Add to this the fire trucks....  I recommend upper floors for light sleepers. You will still hear the sirens but they will be more faint. Don't get me wrong, the hotel is built like a fort. I did not hear anything from neighboring rooms, not even my loud parents from next door. The windows are double pane and there are two curtains that block out sound from the street. There's not much to say about the room other than it is amazingly well furnished, kept clean by a psychic crew of housekeeping that never bothered me once but tidied up my room several times a day somehow. You get free bottles of water, free wifi, free access to the spa, excellent gym with the works, and pool. Spa treatments are not free but you knew that. The gym is very clean, has plenty of free weights and nautilus machines and treadmills. NoMi is a good restaurant for dinner. I was not too impressed with the lunch. You must however have at least one meal here with a reservation so you get the nice windows on the water tower view. Request the view otherwise you won't get it. You are a block away from Bloomingdales, Saks, Nieman Marcos and Macy's so you do the math! This is a shopping haven! Also a stroll of 3-4 blocks takes you to the lake shores where you can walk, run exercise to your heart's content. There are bike rentals on the coast so definitely take advantage of those. The staff is amazing. AMAZING. They were beyond friendly. The reception folks were great. Concierge knew our names after our first encounter. Not only they remembered us and our names but they also remembered our preferences for restaurants etc and helped us eat out literally every meal for a whole week. Rest of the staff in the hotel always had a smile on their faces, we exchanged several brief conversations, they were always helpful and happy to help. Overall incredible stay. Well worth the price! What a vacation spot!
