Vaccinations?  Sorry.  The only kinds of shots I like are the ones that involve liquor, preferrably lemon drops and Sambuca. However, to protect yourself from illness domestically and abroad, one must take proper precautions, and for me, this included immunizations.  After purchasing my flight and getting my itinerary for my Southeast Asia trip I learned that I needed to get some very important vaccinations to prevent myself from contracting certain illnesses overseas (I didn't realize vaccinations would be part of the picture and I was becoming a little wary about what I was getting myself into!!).  Although I was able to get most of my vaccinations on the cheap at the Chicago Public Health Department ($20 per injection if you are a resident), there were vaccinations that they, nor my GP, did not offer.  Cost was a factor since my insurance does not cover travel vaccinations, so I checked multiple clinics in Chicago for cost and availability before settling on Passport Health. I was running on a tight schedule and, since most vaccinations take roughly 1-2 weeks to be effective, I called the office to let them know what vaccines I needed and to see if they could squeeze me in.  I was easily able to get an afternoon appointment a few days later.  Upon arrival the nurse handed me a booklet outlining issuse, epidemics, health concerns, and the like for each of the areas I was visiting.  It was nice getting this information so I could have an increased awareness of just exactly what I was getting myself into!  Although there were plenty of recommended vaccinations and preventative measures I could possibly have taken I never felt pressured to get anything more than what was considered absolutely necessary.  Within a half hour I walked out with one shot, two prescriptions, recommendations for additional protective products, and peace of mind knowing that I would be in good hands abroad. After being in Southeast Asia for 18 days, the only "illnesses" I've come back with are a sunburn and a totally new appreciation for all that life has to offer.  I recommend Passport Health... and world travel!
