My husband and I booked our wedding block here Labor Day weekend 2012. We wanted a good downtown location so our guests could see the city, as well as a location for our rehearsal dinner and post-dinner drinks that was convenient for them. We worked with Jacqueline at Public to arrange our block, dinner party and cocktail party. She was incredibly attentive, following up with one or both of us to keep things moving along, which was extremely helpful considering we were both very busy and trying to tie up loose ends right before the wedding. We love the guest rooms at Public and our friends and family still rave about them. We were able to negotiate a fair rate for our guests and everyone was beyond pleased with the rooms and service. A few of our guests gave the staff glowing reviews and appreciated the timely assistance with luggage and getting their vehicles. We had originally planned to hold our dinner party on the terrace of the Elizabeth Taylor suite, but with the threat of rain, Jacqueline and her team set up our alternative location in the Louis Suite. The space was perfect! The fireplace, soft gray color, and decor of candles and lanterns they had set up made for an incredibly intimate and cozy setting. Our family loved the space and Michael and the wait staff were incredibly attentive, even asking me ahead of time who had which meal so that they could serve the correct entrees without interruption. They were quick to grant any special requests for meal preparation and the children's meals, and the dinner was a delicious success. The dishes we chose for our family (halibut, beef tenderloin, linguine, carrot salad and desserts) were incredible and everyone loved the food. Our cocktail party after dinner was across the hall in the Ava space. Since the rain held off, we were able to take advantage of the beautiful terrace and city views. The staff moved some of the decor from the dinner party to the cocktail party, putting the candles inside and the lanterns on the outdoor tables. The space was beautiful and impressive for our out of town and local guests alike. Overall, Jacqueline and her team made our weekend at Public incredibly gorgeous and special. We hope to stay again and will definitely be back to the Pump Room for more of their delicious food!
