This is a long delayed review for Ray's Bucktown B&B . . .  at one point in early October - I held the claim to VERY divine fame as being the guest that stayed the longest consecutive days at Ray's - I think it was something like 8 days. So, I think this makes me qualified to give the place 5 stars, and if I could get away with writing another anonymous review to give it 5 more, I would. (Don't worry, Yelp Police - I play by the rules) . . . if the devil is in the details, then Ray may just be a silver-tongued Beelzebub. (this is intended as a  compliment!)  This guy leaves no stone unturned. As far as cleanliness: The entire place (which I got to know very well) is sparkling and spotless. The amenities are top notch, from jacuzzi tub in the actual room, to the sauna and steam room. Parking is complimentary as long as you make a reservation. You can also use the laundry facilities in the basement.  There's comped bottled water, blankets, snacks, travel mugs, neighborhood guides, magazines, community fridge, etc. The decor is amazing - I only wish I had the eye to put things together like Ray. I can just see myself trying to replicate this concept and my B&B would like like a junkyard. Ray has cool collectibles, his photography, Hammacher Schlemmer tzotchkes (do you ever go through the in-flight magazine and see the cool stuff, but realize you're not cool enough to know what to actually DO with it? Yeah. Ray is.) and just a really funky concept which makes your stay very pleasant. I almost felt like I was staying in a cool modern museum. The kitchen - amazing layout. Oh, coveted backsplash! The made to order breakfasts are delicious and don't skimp on ingredients. (Hint: try the pesto!)  and if you're not a big breakfast person (laugh it up - I'm not, yet I stayed here!) you can knock yourself out on really delicious coffee, fruit, pastries, etc. . . . . or, the custom Tootsie Rolls at the front desk - I believe they're blueberry if memory serves . . . . hey, candy for breakfast is good until your teeth fall out, and so far, so good! Location is amazing, very walkable and a super-easy drive to Downtown. All in all, I wouldn't mind spending another 8 or 9 or even 365 days here - it's that great! Thanks Ray and staff! :)
