***This Renaissance features nice rooms and a great location, but the real plus here is the view from the Chicago River facing rooms that show off Chicago's distinct look*** Marriott brand properties are great for consistency, cleanliness, comfort, and excellent service, but they are typically not the best option if you are looking to have a truly special hotel experience in a destination city like San Francisco or New York.  This Renaissance does not provide the luxurious hotel experience of a Ritz Carlton or a great local boutique hotel, but it can provide an iconic Chicago experience. Some rooms provide great and close views of the Chicago River.  From your room, you also get to see some of the city's bridges as well as some of its most prominent architecture like The Trump Tower, the Chicago Tribune Building and the Marina City Towers.  The hotel's back entrance leads directly to a CTA station where you can take the city's well-known elevated train system that can connect you to the city's top destinations, distinct neighborhoods and even O'Hare (with a transfer). In addition to its great location, this Renaissance does feature nice rooms that are better than your typical Marriott brand full service hotel.  The rooms feature contemporary decor as well as comfortable beds, nice linens and upscale chairs. Some rooms even showcase a glass shower as well as a soaking tub.  The shower was good though I do prefer the more amazon rainfall shower heads that I am seeing at several Marriott and Renaissance locations now; this hotel features a shower head with a very strong blast.  While the rooms lack the luxurious features of a true luxury hotel, the rooms here do have a few excellent touches to create a nice and upscale in-room experience.  The hotel also showcases an attractive lobby though I did not like the perfumey smell throughout the lobby (the artificial smell kind of reminded me of Las Vegas hotels).  This hotel also has an indoor pool and a 24-hour fitness center; there were more than enough machines in the fitness center though some could probably be replaced. Marriott Rewards Gold and Platinum members are provided access to the hotel's Club Lounge and it is a good one in terms of view and food offerings. The lounge overlooks the city's iconic Chicago Theatre.  Breakfast includes soft scrambled eggs (not too soupy but kind of small, grainy pieces; not fluffy), good bacon, oatmeal, healthy cereal options, sliced fruit, deli meats, hard boiled eggs, grocery store-like cheese cubes, an assortment of breakfast pastries (including crispy and flaky croissants), and a variety of bottled juices. Nightly appetizers I tried here included decent spring rolls, coconut fried chicken tenders (not bad), a greens salad, a potato salad, cheese cubes, and deli meats.  Desserts were not that good.  It was a mix of below average cupcakes, cookies and brownies.  The Club Lounge was quite small but clean and comfortable. While there was a television, there were no couches or sofa chairs. There were two seating options--a communal table and several two-seat tables.  Service was pleasant throughout my stay including great, personable and very responsive service from Emily.  Like The Cosmopolitan Las Vegas, this Renaissance is definitely a great hotel for Marriott Rewards Platinum members.  The hotel also features nice Chicago touches like the ability to request Garrett Chicago Mix popcorn sent to your room. Because of its prime location right on the Chicago River and very close access to key Chicago spots like the hip River North area, the shopping of the Magnificent Mile, the Chicago Architecture Foundation River Cruise, Millennium Park, and the Art Institute of Chicago, room rates are typically high.  This Renaissance is usually more expensive than Downtown Chicago's JW Marriott and the Marriott Magnificent Mile.  This Renaissance is a significantly better hotel than that Marriott though. While expensive, this Renaissance is a truly special hotel if you can snag a room with a Chicago River view.  Chicago's great look (the Chicago River, the city's small bridges, the great architecture) is one of the key reasons why Chicago is such a great place to visit and this hotel does an excellent job of incorporating that unmistakable look from your room (this hotel probably provides one of the best views you can find in Chicago).  With this plus and the nice rooms, this hotel can make your stay in Chicago a very memorable one. I am not sure what the parking situation is.  I believe valet parking is available, but I imagine parking here is expensive like other Downtown Chicago hotels.
