I havent updated my Yelp account in while and this review is for the 2 times that I have stayed at this wonderful hotel. I chose this hotel because it was near the O'Hare airport, and it had GREAT all around! I stayed at this hotel for the first time back in April 2010, when I was visiting my then boyfriend (who is now the most wonderful husband in the entire world), while he was stationed at the Great Lakes Naval base. It was not near his base at all, but that's what a rent a car is for  =) I wasn't expecting too much, but I still had my expectations. The parking garage was fine, you have to take a ticket for you to enter. The lobby was huge, very modern and chic. The room even took me more by surprise, because it was HUGE! There was a huge, and not to mention, oh so COMFY King size bed, that you can stay in for days! There was 2 private doors to separate the bedroom, from the living room. There are also 2 entrances to get into the bathroom. One from the bedroom, and the other through the living room area. They had dual sinks and an all glass shower. Since the hotel was near the freeway, you wont get that much of a good view, but you will be enjoying the room itself to notice that. It's was very quiet and peaceful. No problem with noise or ruckus. The drive to downtown Chicago was not bad at all, given its about 20-30 minutes away. My second stay was June 2010, again visiting my wonderful husband =) I chose this hotel again, because I had such a wonderful experience with it the last time I was in the area. The weather was much better, and a lot warmer. The room looked like the exact duplicate of the one I had the previous time, but again, no complaints. Loved it and I will definitely stay at this hotel again, if I am ever back in the area. We also discovered a movie theater that was 7 minutes away, that offered Love seats. It was comfy and reasonably priced. the place is called Muvico. The only thing that I wasn't too thrilled about was parking was NOT free. I believe it was $20 a day, but you can do in's and out's. They also have a Starbucks on their lobby floor, but it doesnt stay open past 12pm, I think. So get there early.
