We had our wedding reception here in July 2013 and I can't say enough good things about this hotel. After searching many locations in the city and the suburbs we ended up checking this hotel out because their Schaumburg location let us know that their Chicago location had recently remodeled their ballroom. From there the process started and we got introduced to Lori. Lori is the main reason we ended up booking at this hotel. She was super nice and very easy to work with it was if she was a friend giving her recommendation on the hotel, not someone "selling" us their packages as some of the other places we checked out did. Once everything was squared away we got assigned one Renaissance event coordinator who unfortunately left the Renaissance shortly after our meeting but then we were quickly reassigned to Megan who took over for our event. Megan IS amazing! Between her and Lori they made sure that we were taken care of and kept very happy. They responded quickly to emails returned calls right away and just put up with all my random craziness that comes with being a bride. :) The day of our wedding everything was beautiful. From having separate changing rooms for the bridal party, to having the side room near the reception set up as a kids room where the younger children were entertained, to the main ballroom with our lighting technician that adjusted the lighting throughout the night to adjust to the atmosphere and the lounge areas set up for people to take a breather... everything was amazing! My favorite part however is having cocktails on the terrace. It is such a beautiful spot overlooking the Chicago River and so many of our guest let us know how much they enjoyed being in that area. There was an issue with people trying to track down hors d'oeuvres and not getting any but other than that everything else went smoothly. The rooms at the hotel itself were spacious and the beds were very comfortable and the next day we had a couples massage sent up to our room that was exactly what we needed to relax after our big celebration. I know we'll definitely be coming back on our one year anniversary to stay at the hotel and make use of their spa services again! If you're looking for a beautiful hotel venue definitely look into the Renaissance especially if it's during the warmer months where the Terrace can be utilized! Thank you so much Lori and Megan, you guys made us feel so welcome and as if we were working with friends who wanted to insure we had the best day possible! You guys are awesome! ;)
