I was coming to Chicago for medical rotations temporarily, and was having an extremely difficult time finding a furnished place that would allow me to rent for the 2 month period that I needed. After searching online, I came across Ryan Corporate Housing- which turned out to be the best decision I could have possibly made. The staff at Ryan Corporate Housing are absolutely INCREDIBLE. From the moment I arrived in Chicago, I felt as if I was at home. The instructions for entering my new beautifully furnished apartment were crystal clear. In fact, Nick contacted me within one hour of my flight landing to make sure that I was 100% certain of the directions and instructions. As soon as I walked into my beautiful apartment (absolutely incredible views of both Lake Michigan and downtown Chicago) I was greeted by a wonderful welcome basket of food, candy, goodies as well as a "Welcome Packet' which had detailed instructions for how to operate all the amazing electronics in the apartment. Additionally, it provided the internet wifi passcode, landline phone number, emergency instructions and numbers, and even had a list of nearby food delivery options for my specific area. The fridge was stocked with water (which was desperately needed after my long trip), and all the necessary kitchen items were not only there, but were of absolutely excellent quality (forks, knives, silverware, etc). They even went the extra mile to provide dishwashing soap packets, napkins, paper towels and extra trash can liners. The bedrooms were filled with multiple sets of linens and about 8 huge fluffy pillows that were perfect for a good night's rest. I seriously felt as if I was sleeping at my own house...or even better. The bathrooms were completely stocked with kleenex, towels (and lots of extra towels), toilet paper, soap, toothpaste, and other items. I didn't even need to run across the street to CVS for anything. The people at Ryan Corporate Housing are strongly committed to ensuring that their customers feel right at home and have a sense of security and completeness in their travels. They completely succeeded at making me feel this way. They were available 24/7 with any questions that I had (which were quite few as their instructions were so easily detailed and understandable). It's rare to find such an incredible combination of customer service and product quality, but that is exactly what Ryan Corporate Housing has accomplished. I unquestionably and without reservation highly recommend Ryan Corporate Housing for any needs you may have. THANK YOU SO MUCH RCH!
