This is going to be a long review, so for those who don't want to read the whole things here's the short story: this is great place to shop, Rami is patient, knowledgeable, and honest, I have no hesitation to enthusiastically recommend his services (store or lessons), I would shop here again in a heartbeat, and if (when?) I do scuba certification this is where I will go, no questions asked. This review is about a year overdue, and even though Rami has nothing but 5-star reviews I still feel I owe it to him to write another one. My wife and I went with my father to the Galapagos Islands in December 2012.  The person who was our point of contact in the Galapagos suggested we bring our own snorkeling gear since it would be cheaper than renting equipment down there.  After seeing the great reviews on Yelp we went to Scuba Sensations. The three of us went on a Saturday, and my wife beat us there by about 5 minutes.  When my dad and I walked in the door, we were greeted by the owner, Rami, who turned to us with a big smile on his face and enthusiastically said, "Galapagos Islands, huh?  That's awesome!"  He seemed genuinely happy for us to be going on this trip, and maybe even a little jealous as well. After getting over his excitement, the next thing Rami did was ask us questions about what we were planning/wanted to do, how much we've snorkeled in the past, etc.  I really appreciated this because I could tell he was asking the questions so that he could give us better recommendations rather than just steering us towards equipment that would make him a bigger profit.  Then, the service got even better. Being complete novices, we told Rami we knew little to nothing about snorkeling gear and put ourselves in his hands.  He then explained that there is a wide variety of snorkeling equipment, in both quality and cost, and you basically can spend as much money as you want.  Going to the Galapagos Islands is a once in a lifetime trip, and while we weren't looking to spend money just for the hell of it, we weren't going to be skimpy either.  So, Rami starts out by having us try...the all-in-one $60 traveler's kit???  He explained that it's a good place to start, and if the all-in-one kit mask doesn't fit well then we can look at the more expensive a la carte options (where masks alone can be $200+) that have more variety in terms of shapes, fits, etc. I go first and try on the mask from the all-in-one kit, and when Rami asks, "How does it fit?" my answer is, "I have no idea."  After he stops laughing because he remembers I'm a novice, he explains how a mask should feel when you try it on dry, and that while it's impossible to know how it will work underwater until you're actually there, there are a few tricks that will give you a pretty good indication if the mask will be okay.  So, we try the "fitting tricks" and...the mask fits!  Keep in mind, this is part of an all-in-one (mask/snorkel/fins) set, and I'm pretty much willing to buy a mask, snorkel, and fins that each cost five times as much as the kit if he tells me I need to.  Instead, he tells me this mask will probably be more than sufficient for me.  Somewhat surprised, I ask him what's to gain by upping the quality of the mask, and his response essentially was, "You'll spend more money." So my wife and dad go next, and his verdict for each of us is that the traveler's kit will meet our needs and that's there not much if anything to gain by any of us going al a carte.  If there were any thoughts of shopping around, they evaporated.  We did buy some accessories, but at no point was there any pressure to buy anything.  Rami gave us information and let us make decisions.  When we asked if we needed anything else, he didn't say, "you'll probably want," "it'd be a good idea to have," or anything like that.  It was more like, "some people use [insert item here], and if you're interested I carry it, but you don't need it by any means."  He spent a little more than an hour with us, and even though we stayed past closing time there was never any rush; Rami took the time to make sure we had all the information we wanted. All in all, the three of us spent a few hundred dollars when we were willing to spend upwards of a thousand.  There wasn't any pressure to buy or upgrade anything and we walked out very satisfied customers. Rami is an honest and no-pressure merchant who loves what he does (ask him how he got in to scuba diving because it's a really interesting story), he lets the customer make informed choices, and offers products at a fair price.  I don't know what else one looks for in a shop. BTW, the snorkeling gear did fit/work/do what it was supposed to do with no problems whatsoever, and the snorkeling was the highlight of our trip. If you've stuck with my review through the whole thing, thanks, I hope you found it helpful.  Now stop wasting your time and go see Rami at Scuba Sensations.  I promise, you won't be disappointed!
