I've never booked a trolley before (but have drank on them aplenty) so I was a little nervous about setting up an event for Saturday June 16th. Seems like the most often used trolley service is Chicago Trolley and Double Decker so I called 2 weeks before the event and was disappointed to hear they were all booked up. Well, it turned out that this was a blessing in disguise. I did more research and found Second City Trolley. Not only did they have plenty of trolleys in their fleet available at all different sizes, the staff was awesome! They walked me through the reservation process and made it so easy. You're required to put down a deposit and pay the rest to the driver (excluding tip, if you wish). They will call you to confirm pick up and drop off times the day before. We had Keith as our driver. Right off the bat, he was pretty incredible. He could have easily been like 'great, another bunch of drunken assholes' but he wasn't. He laid out the ground rules and just wanted us to have fun. He drove us around for 3 hours wherever we wanted to go, at times we (pretty intoxicated) would tell him to drive up to wrigley only to change our mind and tell him to go back where we came from. He never complained. A few things that stood out to me that put Second City Trolley above Chicago Trolley and Double Decker: 1. Right when we got onto the trolley, some of the party asked me "did you get us the Cadillac of trolleys?" Our trolley was nicer than most/all of the trolleys I've ridden on with CTDD, with rows of seating instead of just along the outside. This let us sit closely and drink heavily with out having to shout from end to end. 2. They let us bring an entire keg onto the trolley! I was always told this is a big no no with trolleys, but apparently that is only a CTDD policy. As long as you are responsible, I'm pretty sure you can bring anything onto these trolleys. The keg was a great idea and a money saver. We also brought a beer bong. **They are very accommodating for you to come in after the trolley ride to pick up your keg and other belongings. Although they are located a little far, about 30 minute drive from the city, this is obviously essential to get your deposit back for the keg. Very cool! 3. The sound system was great. I note this because I've been on multiple trolleys with CTDD that the sound system just sucked. Lots of skipping and/or static. We had no such problems and Keith was more than happy to blast our annoying songs (Call Me Maybe multiple times would drive weaker souls crazy). 4. Second City Trolley was about $50 more expensive that CTDD, but this did not require us to clean the trolley afterward. Often times, other companies will charge a cleaning fee afterwards so it was pretty much a wash. Definitely worth the extra cost, only a few extra bucks per person. Overall, the party was a success and everybody loved the trolley! Next time I need a trolley, I will for sure be booking with Second City and requesting Keith. Thank you to the entire staff!
