We went on the River North Food Tour with Jock as our tour guide. The group that we were in consisted of 4 people - 2 of them being myself and my girlfriend - so that was nice as we were able to interface a lot with Jock. I'm going to review this tour and the tour guide based on previous tours and guides that we have used in the Chicago area - none of which have been from this company up until this tour. The Tour: The tour started on time at our meeting location, the Merchandise Mart. Our tour guide provided us with a laminated map of the tour which we really appreciated as it provided an easy way to reference where we had been, where we were going, the distance in between locations, etc. Some tours that we have been on (i.e. a Cupcake Tour by another company) have not provided these tour maps which we did not like at all - so that was a plus right out of the gate that this company provided them. This company seemed to be pretty well organized which goes a long way when it comes to executing a successful tour. The locations that we went to provided a diversity of eating experiences in the area which we felt were well balanced. Some complain about going downhill after the Donut Vault...I disagree. Lou Malnati's is hardly going downhill and is one of the best if not the best deep dish pizza place that the Chicagoland area has to offer. The other locations were also delicious and memorable and unique. Our only suggestion is that some of the serving sizes could have been a little bigger (the Lou Malnati pizza slice was a small cut from a pan pizza, for example). However, my hunger was relatively satisfied by the end of the tour, so it wasn't necessary a negative for us, just a suggestion that might enhance the experience. All in all I rate the Tour as a 5. It was just as good as some of the competitors in the area that provide quality tours. The Tour Guide: A tour is only as good as the tour guide. Jock our guide (an admitted professional comedian when he's not giving tours in Chicago) made the tour a memorable one. He was funny, well informed about and very familiar with the historical and architectural content that he shared along the way, personable, and did a great job of making sure that everything went smoothly along the way. The fact that he's a comedian makes him a rare commodity in the tour business as comedy goes a long, long way with tours in my opinion. I hope that we are able to get another tour with him because it was truly a joy to be able to spend 3 hours with this guy. We were lucky that we had such a small group as we were able to joke with him and ask questions with along the way with ease. All in all I rate the Tour Guide Jock a 5+. This tour provided all of the basics that I would expect from a tour and more. Highly recommended.
