This was the main even tor one of my best friend's birthday, and this place blew me away -  I try not and rate very few places with 5 stars, but I wish I could give this a 6th. Definitely a great place to try and impress someone with. Be WARNED however you need a MEMBER to gain admission (each member can bring 0-3 guests free) and they rep the exclusivity pretty hard. Everyone there seemed to be a member and there weren't a lot of non-members there it seemed. (Each time you order something they ask for your member card which I thought was a little pretentious at first, but then learned they use it as a credit card for your bill - the servers also had no problem taking cash/credit from non-members and were extremely professional). Membership seemed somewhat difficult to get; their demographic seemed to be creative young highly motivated and promising individuals - people who were early in their career and are on the up and up. The ambiance was filled with creativity and possible collaborations in various art industries. I didn't see any/many finance/law/medicine people that I feel typically seek out these types of clubs, and felt that this change was really refreshing. To gain membership you need to send an application, which needs to be 1-2 nominations by members before it goes to their executive committee for review. Once accepted, their pricing is 1k/yr  if you're under 27, and 2k/yr if you're over. Once in - I was BLOWN AWAY. Their ground floor is a causal lounge / coffee shop area with large tables to do some work as well as couches for casual mingling. ----The complex also has a hotel with rooms for members (there are other soho houses in miami, LA, nyc), several office/conference room space for professional activities. ----One floor of the building they have completely devoted to a full gym including a boxing ring. The luxury of the locker room & sauna was impressive. ----On another floor they have a massive movie projector with large leather cushions - probably seating about 30 - where they have private showings movies just out in the theaters. ----- One floor has a massive oval shaped bar with granite counter-top with probably 3-4 bartenders attending it providing pretty exceptional service. Surrounding the bar are probably a dozen clusters of leather couches and seats where small groups can gather. It's all dimly lit but classy lamps and flanked by huge windows that give you a view of the Sears Tower and downtown. There's also a live DJ booth that had tunes going all night. On this floor they also have a pretty sweet private room that could probably fit 50-100 people comfortably, with it's own bar and DJ. Around the corner is their 'restaurant section' where the decor is more consistent with a typical restaurant. aside from that however is their 'steakhouse' part where they turned the classiness up a notch and you really get that nice steakhouse feel. a little away from that is their kitchen which is open so you can see them prepare the food or make the oysters etc (like those elite restaurants have). ----- The roof was pretty clutch as well. So I went there during the winter but you could tell that this would be the place to be during the summer. inside they have a bar and about 8 horseshoe style tables all facing a massive sliding glass door (almost the length of the building) that can be completely removed to make it open to outside. once outside they have a shallow pool that is clearly meant to be chilling in, which is surrounded by a massive lounge chair like thing. This is all against the backdrop of the Sears Tower and downtown Chicago. ONTO my experience; we mostly chilled in the bar; the cocktails are normally priced at $14 which is pretty steep but they were very well made (they also have half off past 11pm for members and other times as well). We ordered some Meatballs, tomato & basil ($10) which we were disappointed with - the flavors were pretty basic. We ordered nearly 2 dozen oysters ($3 each) which were pretty delicious. I also got the steak and fries ($22) which was DELICIOUS - it was cooked exactly how I wanted it (med-rare) and exceptionally well seasoned. They give you some pesto-buttery sauce which I didn't touch because it was soo good as is. I'm a fry guy and I really appreciate it when my fry's are legit and not some shitty filler (they did not disappoint me the fries were awesome haha). OVERALL it was an amazing experience.
