BAGS HAVE FEELINGS TOO Southwest loves your bags enough to let them fly free. Some airlines will nickel and dime you, even charging you to carry your bags on. What kind of Spirit is that for bags? Southwest has low fares compared to everyone else especially when you take in the fact there are no hidden fees like bag charges or even seat fees. What kind of Spirit would charge you money to pick your seat even in the last row. It's just crazy to think of an airline charging you for a seat. The staff of Southwest is amazing. The staff is always in a great mood and often playing with the passengers. I've heard full songs about take of and landing. Sometimes a few jokes prior to take off. My favorite..."We have a smoking section located on the wing. If you can light it, then you can smoke it!" Just classic. Many years ago on one of our flights my co-worker and I went from Dallas to Houston to Lubbuck, Texas. We had the same flight attendants for all the legs, so we spent time joking with them. We noticed the one flight attendant was passing out peanuts and saying to passengers, "Would you like PENISSS!" My buddy and I were laughing so hard, later in the evening we saw the flight attendants in a bar and we had to ask them if she was really saying it. Both started laughing and said, "Oh my! You caught that?" We all had a good laugh. See how much fun Southwest Airlines is! The staff can all have a good laugh. Life would be all better if we could just laugh at it. In my 20 years of business travel I've spent a lot of time in the air. Southwest use to mail me out drink coupons all the time. I was always trying to get rid of them before they expired. I would often buy drinks for my row if they were cool. Hey if you picked to sit next to me, then I was going to reward you. It was a great way to make row friends and kept the Southwest party going. Once a rude person in another row leaned over his seat and said, "I want a drink too!" I said, "Well you should have picked your row more wisely!" The nerve of some people. I make my own rules on the free drinks row policy. Southwest also plays by there own rules. In order to book low fares you need to go to their website. Southwest doesn't play the other airline games by also posting on other travel sites. There are just straight up giving you a deal. I also love how they give you options to lower your ticket by simply changing your flight to a different time. Boarding can be a little tricky but once you figure out the tricks to getting your seats it makes life easy. The people that dislike this process always check in late and get to the airport late. If that is you, then I really don't want to hear your excuses about why you dislike Southwest. I fly three main airlines: American, United and Southwest all in that order depending on arrival times and cost. Southwest has some of the best customer service.  They want happy customers and they do a great job at trying to keep people happy. Bags should always fly free and Southwest rocks for keeping this policy in place.
