Summary: This is the best food tour I have been on - a great combination of great food and learning about Indian culture.   I've been to Devon Ave a couple of times for Indian food and it's fun but I never really know which places are really best to eat or shop at and would never have the courage to try on a Sari or get a Henna tattoo.  The Spice of Life Tour experience was like going to Devon with a good friend who knows the area and is showing you the best there is. The day we went there was a bad storm the day before so due to traffic lights being out, it wound up being only the two of us with our tour guide Mohammed Ali.  He said typically there are about 8 people to a tour and he was not discouraged but excited to show us around the place he grew up. He said he changes up the restaurants and food a bit, but for us the first stop was at the India Book Store with vegetable samosas (so flaky and great flavor), aloo tikki (like a potato pancake), panipuri (round hollow crisp that you fill with chick peas, potatos and onions and put a sauce on - fun to eat and delicious), sugar cane water, and little donuts with honey and coconut.  He gave us a little bag with some incense and bottled water (which wound up being very helpful).  We then went to Sahill to see Indian clothing and try on Saris.  From there we got a Henna tattoo which I have always wanted to do (and it's temporary).  We then went to Tiffin where we had lentils, butter chicken, saag paneer, and chicken biyriani (with naan of course), some wine to pair with the food, and some rice pudding with pistachios and almonds and those honey donuts to finish it off.  We wanted to buy some tunics so he took us to a place with more reasonably priced, simple tunics and he waited while we tried on and picked out some tunics.  We saw someone making the sugar cane juice on the street and stopped at a grocery store.  We had some Pakistani BBQ which consisted of beef and chicken Kabobs with some chicken and corn soup to start and some Pakistani cream soda to drink. At this point given there were only 2 of us and there was so much food we actually had to cancel the last tasting which would have been an entire dosa with masala (I really wanted to try it but maybe another time).  So he improvised and instead we had a dessert drink called falooda which was very creamy and refreshing at the same time (it had vanilla ice cream, rose syrup, milk, falooda, and some spices).  We were so full but we think if there were more people we would have had smaller portions earlier on (I started with an entire samosa because I was hungry) and we would have been able to finish off with just the right amount of food. My favorite part of the tour was learning about the culture - all of the history and stories were so interesting.  I learned about the differences in Indian food in the North, South, East and West, the different ways women in India wear Saris and why, visited a Sikh temple and learned a little about Sikhism, and learned how Devon Ave became to be what it is today (it wasn't always "Little India"). Mohammed Ali showed us the grocery store where he shops, gave us tips on what to buy and how he uses things (what stores are best to buy clothes and which are best to buy trinkets, why you should buy meat at Devon Ave, good additives for tea, which brand of masala he buys, and much more). After the tour I feel much more comfortable going to Devon Ave to eat and shop.  If you are interested in Indian food and culture I would highly recommend this tour.  I will be buying my parents tickets and will recommend to all of my friends.  I know the price may seem a little high but it really is worth the experience.
