My son would give this 5 stars. Mommy would give it 3! Why? Well, for what you get  I think it's awfully overpriced. The buffet food is ok, but nothing to write home about.   The food is not very kid friendly either. But my son wasn't there for the food.  My 5 yr old son was there to party it up with his glass of sprite on the deck. That was worth it for him! His ticket was $29.95 and he ate his mashed potatoes, a half glass of sprite and that was it. Oh, I knew he would do that. I had to tell myself....I did not pay $29.95 just for food, I was paying for the experience and my son just couldn't get enough of being on the upper deck, waving at people and getting in other people's pictures! My son was scared of the dance floor where some high school graduating class  was doing the macarena and the electric slide. Well, at least the high school kids weren't grinding in front of my 5 yr old son. We were seated by another family and a couple going to prom(actually pretty sweet! Aah! Why couldn't a guy have taken me on a  cool cruise ship back in high school instead of a 24 hr diner?) My son just had to take the on board pictures where I would be charged $25.00. Oh,  so overpriced but seeing my son's little face light up about having a picture of him and his mommy  on a ship , was again- worth it. So I sucked it up and handed over my credit card. We spent most of our time outside on the deck, (kids can't get enough of being outside in freezing windy weather while the parents shiver and suffer from hypothermia!) All in all, I'd do it again. Just wish there was a kid friendly cruise with kid friendly prices.(listening up owners of Spirit of Chicago/odyssey/mystic blue?). I'm thinking lunch time cruise with kid friendly staples like hotdogs, hamburgers and fries. Ballons, clowns and dances like the hokey pokey. In my hometown they have a kid friendly cruise like the above and the prices are reasonable. $13.00 for a kids tickets. Then again, I am sure the above menu would still cost me $30.00 in chicago. But I'm a parent and a sucker and I would pay. So 3 stars from the mom, 5 stars from the 5 yr old kid who can't pay for his ticket yet!
