Yelp Type II Error (False Negative): With much fear and trepidation, I entered this boat as part of a school-sponsored ship despite the reviews submitted by the rest of the Yelp universe. The first thing I noticed after we had our picture snapped before going in was the carpet inside, it sort of reminded me of stepping into a casino with its maroon hues and were seated with a fellow student that I didn't know and his date. Food was served buffet style, the food featured Thai Beef Sirloin, Chicken Au Gratin, Tilapia, Steamed Veggies, Mashed Potato, Couscous and Salad. There was an open bar featuring domestic beers, Heineken, several wines and Wycliff champagne, which was slightly a grade above André brand. The Thai Beef Sirloin had a sweet and sour taste to it, but in the final analysis of its texture, I found it very tough, but not as tough as Vietnamese ox meat. If you do not like tough meat, it is probably a good idea to skip this one. Chicken au Gratin was pretty good and breaded with a buttery and cheesy flavor all at once and was some good comfort food complemented by mashed potatehs. The steamed veggies had no flavor and tasted like they were microwaved, the salad featured Italian dressing and Ranch, and fit my fancy for the evening. While we ate, singers took the mic and sang love songs and had some serious vibrato in their vocal chords. Waitstaff took drink orders and took away our plates when we were done eating. After eating, the nightmarish DJ took control and started the Electric Slide with geriatrics that I saw down below. I shook my head since the dance floor was very small and completely carpeted and really didn't want to dance on a cramped dance floor with old people! I think what makes The Spirit of Chicago cool is taking a stroll outside on the deck right at sunset. Yeah, the boat went around the lake for three hours and then came back, but while it was out you could get a good rush of wind, capture the Chicago skyline it all of its glory and watch the water. There are several decks where you can catch a panoramic view and snap cute pictures. Overall for what I paid, I would say that the juice is worth the squeeze. If you are running though on this boat in a smaller group you may not have a greater time. The food is not gourmet cooking, but it is not diner food either. The open bar does the trick and serves to build a good buzz. Don't come here for dancing, but you can definitely come here to catch some wind, ride out on the water, and feel relaxed when you walk off the ship. I like it!
