I must say that the company and our group got off to a very rocky start. There was a misunderstanding with regards to reservations and I ended up cancelling the trip on principle alone. I sent them a letter stating my displeasure with how things were handled. Within a couple of hours I got a call from a  very nice sales manager that was profusely apologetic and was willing to do whatever it took to make me happy. I didn't ask for much. Her actions and concerns certainly saved the day! It is hard to find customer service like that these days. That alone deserves 5 stars. As for the cruise itself,  the most important thing was how my kids felt about it. I had one birthday child and 2 graduations out of 4 kids. I heard them say over and over again what a wonderful time they had. They were comparing it to last year which was one of our most memorable birthdays and stating how this tops that one. The DJ pointed out all of the celebrations at our table on several occasions which really made the kids feel special. The staff was very friendly and it was a delight watching them participate on the dance floor later on during the cruise. It was nice to see them engage with customers in this fashion and get them to relax and enjoy themselves. Heck, they broke down my son's defenses and got him up on the dance floor! I only have two complaints, one of which seems to be common throughout all of these threads. That is, the food is not what I expected. For the cost of the cruise you would expect something better. (That said, it is by no means as bad as some stated about "stale" chips or cafeteria food. I just set my expectations too high.) My second complaint is something I can't really blame them for. It's the start of freaking June and it was cold as heck on the deck! It would have been nice to sit in their lounge chairs outside to enjoy the view of the city. All in all, customer service means everything to me because that means the people care. From the sales manager, to the DJ and staff, this was one of the best experiences I have had.
