Wow this was a great stay that exceeded expectations. I wasn't sure what to expect when I saw lots of rave reviews on Tripadvisor and Expedia and a low price, as I figured the area must be bad. However, it turned out that in both location and hotel quality everything is solid. Check-in at the front desk was quick smooth and friendly and the walk from the red line "grand" station wasn't too bad. When I walked into the hotel room I was shocked to see how nice it looked. Nice desk, a couch, glass and marble mini kitchenette with microwave and fridge, glass shower, lots of different lights, etc. I had a great view which I really appreciated. Probably my favorite thing was how quiet the rooms were-no neighbor noise, no street noise, no hall noise, no noise period-although I should point out I was on the 19th floor. The digital climate control system is very quiet and keeps things just right. Of course this is a new hotel so I would sort of expect everything to be clean, new, and working well. High speed internet was great and required no special log-in or help from the front desk and you had the choice of direct cable or wireless. The TV gets plenty of channels but I didn't spend lots of time watching it. The free breakfast buffet was great in the morning as far as hotel breakfast goes. It included a variety of things such as egg patties, sausage, hot oatmeal, breads, English muffins, waffles, juices, etc. Nightlife is all around the hotel and you have multiple choices if you're a 20 or 30-something looking for fun. Try Rockit bar if you want a young loud place with food and drinks, or Rock Bottom Brewery if you like craft beer. There's also an upscale but loud bar/lounge under the hotel called Hub 51. The House of Blues is down the street as well. For the $90 a night I paid I couldn't have done any better at all. However, the front desk charges $3 for a bottle of water and a lot more than that for soda or beer, so be prepared and bring your own goodies to store in your room. A great stay-I really recommend this place.
