DAVID WAS BY FAR THE MOST...UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDE & UNETHICAL MANAGER I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH.  Like many, I too purchased a Groupon.  Thought this would be a nice touch to kick off our vacation to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary.  A luxury sedan to pick us up and take us to the airport.   Our trip is in 6 days. I made my reservation in April 2012.  Upon making the reservation I was asked if I lived 25 miles or less from downtown Chicago.  It was established I did.  Because the Groupon did state "only valid for 25 miles from downtown".  Thought everything was fine.  To complete the reservation, they required my credit card info, which would be charged upon pick up for tax and gratuity.  Was sent my confirmation via email.   5 months later.  I'm now 6 days from my trip.  I would think by now I would have received a call to re-confirm the reservation.  Since I hadn't heard anything I called them. David answered the phone.  I told him I have a reservation and I was calling to re-confirm.  I gave him my info and after a brief pause all he says is "Yep.".  "Yep???" I repeat.  I said "Could you elaborate on that...could you verify the name, pick up time, location, airport???".  Again, a brief pause. He comes back and bluntly says "There's a problem with this reservation...we can't do it.  You live to far."  WHAT!?!? I was like ....what are you talking about??? I made this reservation in April, I'm now 6 days away from my trip and your JUST now telling me you can't come?!?!  He rudely answers "No we can't come your 40 minutes from me, then I have to go from your house to the airport, then back to my office...that's like 100 miles!". I could NOT believe I was being told this garbage.  I referred back to the language on the Groupon as well as the confirmation sent by them and NO WERE did it say I had to live so many miles FROM THE OFFICE SITE!!! I told him the Groupon only states I had to be 25 miles from downtown.  Which I am!!! I'm only 13 miles from the airport!!! He just kept repeating how I'm too far, and he couldn't do it.  Now, I'm pissed.  So I ask for his manager.  He tells me he is the manager.  Of course!  I ask for HIS Manager.  He continued to repeat "I am the manager, I am the manager!!!". I said "so you OWN the company??". He again repeated "I am the manager.". I said so your saying there's no one to escalate this problem to? He says Mam you can do whatever you want to do!  So I let him know I happen to work in the legal profession, and I know how to and will escalate the matter.  He didn't seem to care.  He's like contact Groupon!  And Hung up! I was so angry I was seeing white spots!!! I emailed Groupon and reported the incident.  I also cc David at Chicago's Finest.  It then dawned on me that they still have my credit card info and I never received a cancellation email.  So I called back and told David I needed a cancellation email.  He said be would send it out.  I asked him which rep from his office made the reservation, because if the distance between them and me was really a deal breaker the reservation shouldn't of been made.  Not to mention the fact that no one from his office called me to inform me they were not honoring my groupon.  Had I not called no one would of called me and I would of been waiting on them, and possibly missed my flight.  By the second phone call David had calmed down and went on to give me this speel about how Groupon screwed him over and how now he's got all these people from all over Chicagoand calling for a ride and Groupon is paying him $20 per ride and he's traveling over 100 miles round trip and with gas prices, its not worth it.  So he just leaves everyone who purchased Groupons hanging and he bails.   Whatever his reasons are, the consumer has nothing to do with the false advertisement, nor the miscommunication between he and Groupon.  He said he made a business decision to back out of the deal regardless of the consumers who had purchased and booked reservations.  So I'm making an educated decision as a consumer to warn anyone and everyone DO NOT DO BUSINESS with this company!!!  Furthermore, I told David the way he handled me, as a paying customer was so rude and disrespectful.  Even though after the 2nd call he tried to calm down, and explain his course of actions.  However, its too late the damage is done.  I've paid for a service, and got NOTHING in return but a huge headache and am now scrambling for a ride to the airport 6 days before my trip. Please believe this isn't over.  False advertisement, I paid for a service 5 months in advance and due to no fault of my own they back out of the deal at the last minute WITHOUT notifying me until after I contacted them!!!  Any legal and professional remedies I can use to escalate this I plan on doing it!!!
