I am very careful about rating my experiences, and would not give a rating this low without due cause. I used a groupon for two round trip services to O'hare from our home. I called before purchasing the groupons to see if they would be accepted by the company, and they confirmed they would accept them, even though our home is technically out of their service radius. The service rep said I would be charged 20.24 on my credit card in addition to the groupon prices. I have only used a car service once before, so I did not realize she meant EACH TRIP. Plus, there is an additional mysterious charge of 4 dollars every time they pick you up at the airport, not your home. So that turned out to be a total of 89.00 more, in addition to the $136.00 I was already paying even with the groupon. I do not mind paying tips for good service- not at all- but on our trip to the airport, the driver was 20 minutes late, said he did not have our address right, and then my husband thought the car smelled like marijuana. When I called to ask what the extra charges were all for and mention to customer service my concerns about the one car trip we had, I was surprised to discover that the late driver was the owner of the company, Dave! I was even more shocked when he proceeded to verbally assault me for the next 10 minutes, yelling into the phone so loud my children could hear him and started weeping. He told me he was so offended that I would accuse him of doing drugs- which is not what I said. I said my husband thought the car smelled funny. This could have been for any number of reasons. I thought I was doing him a favor by reporting some less-than satisfactory service so he could be aware of it- and it was actually the owner who decided to dress me down. I think if we were in person he would have slapped me! He also said he was in no way required to honor the groupons I submitted, even though he told me he would honor them before I purchased them. He said he could still just charge me full price because we were out of his service radius and they were bending over backwards to accommodate us and this is how I repay him. When I pointed out that it was his decision to tell me he would accept the coupons, that he could have said no but he didn't, and that going back on his word was very bad business (I literally had to shout "Excuse me" 4 times to get him to stop yelling so I could explain this) he finally just said 'thanks for telling me I do drugs' and hung up on me. I can honestly say this is the most horrible customer experience I have ever had. I am not a very demanding person. I am a professional and conducted myself, even made my compliant, in a calm and tactful fashion. The fact that the owner of this company would be so demeaning, cruel, and rude to a customer- even if they were being rude- is very alarming to me.  I have submitted a written complaint to the Better Business Bureau- something I have never done before but feel is really necessary in this case despite the added inconvenience to myself. There are many other car services. I do not recommend this one.
