I would like to thank the previous reviewer for his review of this tour company.  It helped me a lot.  I'm actually a local and have a friend visiting from out of town and he had never been to Chicago.  To tell the truth, I was not really an expert so I checked out the review of this company last night.  We bought our tickets online and we had to redeem them at a shop in Millennium Park.  I'm close to the Orange line el train so we got off downtown at the Adams stopand wlked over towards the park.  If you haven't seen this park yet, it is amazing and nice to walk through.  As we made our way under "the bean"? we looked ahead and there was The Park Shop where we could redeem our online vouchers.  Once we walked in we were approached by a very enthusiastic older man by the name of Kent.  He was very accommodating and began to tell us about the tour.  He seemed to care very much about the company.  He redeemed our tickets and also invited us to come back after the tour because our tickets included a 20% discount for merchandise at the shop.  We headed down the walkway towards the stop and a trolley pulled up right away.  We asked if our ticket was good for the trolley and he said yes.  We asked if a double decker bus would be coming soon, he told us yes, but then very humorously he announced that he was Peyton the master of all tours and that the view that you miss from the doubledecker he makes up for ten fold with his amazing mind tricks.  he was very theatric and funny and we decided to take his tour for a bit.  Not only was Peyton funny, but very informative as well.  We did want to get off at the Art Institute so we only tookhis tour for a couple of stops.  I tipped him because he was quite entertaining and had us in a good mood right from the start.  When we decided to get back on to the tour we did wait for about 5 minutes and a double decker bus showed up.  During the time we waited the sales people that were working at the stop were friendly and to agree with the previous review stood out head and shoulders above their competition.  Their competition were trying to butt in on our conversation until we told them that we already had tickets and immediately cursed and walked away back to their rickety old booth.  You can definitely see the difference at first glance between the two companies.  Once we boarded the bus again I think we may have had the same tour guide that the previous reviewer had because he had a loud booming voice and very James Earl Jones like.  It was a pleasure not only to hear him speak, but also to hear his information.  He definitely was not as wacky as Peyton, but was not boring at all.  My friend and I stopped once more at Navy Pier to get a bite to eat (check out America's Dog in the food court if you like hot dogs).  When we reboarded we waited a little longer this time but the wait was not bad for us.  maybe ten minutes, again the other company had a group of irritated people who had waited for a half an hour already and had seen two of the Chicago trolley vehicles come by.  Ours pulled up and we boarded leaving the other companies passengers behind fuming.  Our last tour guide was more along the lines of our second tour guide, more factual and a very pleasant voice.  We ended our day at the garrett's Popcorn stop because it was closer for us to get back on to the train and it also was a place where we could get a free bag of popcorn with our ticket purchase.  We couldn't stop with the free sample bag so we ended up buying a larger bag of the Chicago Combo (cheese and caramel corn mixed).  We ate it on the train as envious eyes watched us on our way back home.  This was a great way to show my friend the city and experience the greatness that Chicago is. I will recommend this tour to anyone visiting Chicago or just a local looking for something to do downtown.  this is the thing to do.  Ride the Chicago Trolley and Double Decker company tours!
