WOW!! Now I know why they call Chicago the Windy City, because being up top a Chicago Double Decker Bus not only do you get a great view of the city but you also get a taste of the wonderful wind that Chicago is famous for and a fabulous Tour.  My family and I visited Chicago during the Memorial weekend.  Our tour started a the Navy Pier stop, my family and I were mesmerized by the bright colors of the Chicago Trolley bright red ticket booth and how professional the ticket agent looked and handle other customers in front of us.  When we approach the ticket booth the ticket agent greeted us with a big smile that sold us automatically.  They were very polite and informative; they answer all of our questions and new a lot of the service that they were selling.  They told us about the great gift you get with the purchase of their tour tickets; which was music to my children ears to here that they would get a free bag of the famous Garrets Popcorn and a Chocolate Hershey's bar with their ticket.   They also told us about their great Ethnic Tour, two tours for the price of one what a deal. There was another tour company that was next to them "Grey Line" but they looked scary and mean and instead of inviting they actually scared customers away with the "I don't want to be hear" look in their face and their unwelcoming ticket booths.   Of course we went with the bright company Chicago Double Decker co. We took the Tour aboard a London Style Double Decker Bus when the bus approach the stop the driver and tour guide came down and introduce themselves to all the customers that were waiting.  We felt right at home with our Tour Guide "Walt" he was funny and informative.  Our tour was full of Chicago history as well as Chicago comedy.  The best thing is that Walt like other tour guides that work for this company really enjoyed their job which made us enjoy even more our Tour.  We had lunch at the great millieum park were we also learned that this same company "Chicago Double Decker Co." just open a new retail store where you can get all your Chicago souvenirs as well as tickets to take this great tour.   If you are going to be in Chicago for more than one day I do recommend their three day pass you get a free t-shirt plus the other great gifts.  Overall I truly recommend this tour company our experience was one of the best.
