This hotel has a higher rating when called the Central Loop Hotel than when called Club Quarters--interesting . . . Since I had no problems at all with the place and plan to use it again and again, I'm going with 5-stars! Why? (Order due to memory, not importance.) 1. Location (walking distance from much nightlife, plus all the CTA lines are nearby). Willis Towers (formerly Sears) is about a block away. 2. Black-out blinds!!! (Seriously, why do most US hotels allow so much light in? It makes me grind my teeth--the light, that is.) 3. Endless amounts of pure, filtered, delicious, cold water and reusable bottles to take along. It is usually extraordinarily difficult to take in my usual eight cups a day when traveling. 4. Fitness: a lovely exercise room with everything one could desire (and extras--a DVD player with three workout DVDs): super thick and comfy workout pads, lots of brand new cardio equipment (elliptical crosstrainers and treadmills), the typical weight machines, and tons of free weights. Also with water and cups, plus towels for wiping down, etc. There is a bathroom close by as well. 5. More Fitness!!! They also offer (for free) a yoga kit and/or exercise bike which will be lent TO the room. I didn't take advantage of this, but there was one more "delivered to the room" option which I've forgotten. 6. Adorable: a little globe sat next to three books on a shelf above the desk. One of the books was an Oxford English dictionary, and I needed to look a word up (disagreement with husband on meaning). This was delightful (even though I was wrong). 7. Staff: Helpful, friendly, efficient, super fast. 8. Comfy Bed: I normally have lower back pain after staying in any bed not my own, but I didn't--not after either night. 9. Technology: Free wi-fi and computers guests can use downstairs. Self-service kiosks to check in (speedy). Flat screen TV, which means nothing to me, but excites too many . . . 10. Misc: Very clean (actually this is deeply important to me, and the bathroom was perfect--a much more expensive place I had to stay recently did not do so well in that area)!!! Bar and restaurant attached--good food, reasonably priced. 11. I hope I got everything in. I'm glad I won't have to do any research before my next trip to Chicago!
