I was a guest at Dana for two months while searching for a new home in the city. This places me in the unique position of seeing the entire ebb and tide of customers and the manner in which the team at Dana served them. The Quickie Review: AMAZING. Absolute Fabulocity. Danalicious. Book 'Em Dana. Wow. The Detailed Review: I'd like to start off by disclosing that I travel way too much for work. Like up to 100 nights a year in hotels much kinda much. I have taken rooms within establishments that are far more expensive than Dana and yes even those tawdry downlowmarket that are much less expensive. So at the high-end of this spectrum we are talking Suite at Bellagio and at the low-end Embassy Suites. (Each a fine player in their market. Only one, however, came with a drunk construction worker from Arkansas. Sweeeet.) Of ANY hotel I have ever visited, Dana is simply the best experience ever. Hands down. I have to admit that the less than favorable reviews were read first because I pretty much knew what the huge number of 4+ Star crowd reviewers would say already. Of the few negative reviews found, about 50% got tossed for the guest just being whiny or unrealistic. For example, one reviewer was a classic example of an all around 'all about me' classic bitch about her stroller issue. NEWSFLASH Princess: You are in River North...basically down freakin town Chicago. This ain't West Goatscrew, Nebraska. Its a stylish neighborhood in a densely populated urban area with a demographic that is largely single, trendy, well-dressed and still a size six. No matter the demographics, any idiot knows that this - and many other neighborhoods close to downtown - are totally stroller inappropriate. In fact, it was quite rude of you not only to bring one but to expect special treatment for using one. It ain't all about you. There. Wha??? Somebody had to say it. You know you wanted to. Yes, the elavators are slow on busy days and nights. A bit of a design flaw there Princess Strollella-DeVille. Chill. Take 5 and look around at Who6 is wearing this season. In Chicago. So darn! if it takes me an additional 5 minutes of my day to get to heaven. Butthen I'm still in heaven. Yea Me. As for the elevator to the elevator design...oh good LAWD (have mercy) we're talking ONE FLOOR in a sparsely utilized glass box of transpositional bliss. Really honey..it adds like 2 minutes tops to your journey towards Valhalla. You can also use this brilliant invention called 'the staircase' which is even stylishly staggered just for the personal comfort of your chafing thighs. This adds about 15 seconds tops to your journey. Well, mine at least. Woo. Youcarried the thing for 9 months and now reject it for 2 minutes of stair mastery work? Way to go Mommy Dearest. The smart money is on Dana. For the price, the professionalism, the thoughtful amenities and the kickass location. Perfection. Honestly, you don't see this level of total package at this price point anywhere. Add 2 Bens per night andit's common. It's even expected. At Dana, it's just another included reason to fall in love with the subtle and not so subtle ways the team works to make your visit special. There IS a door to the bathroom; you ARE NOT exposed in the shower. (Nice try Brianna Diet) Standing in front of the portal to your personal privy, look to either side for some highly polished wood. Now make a grand sweeping gesture along said wood and SLIDE IT either right or left to obtain that desired bathroom privacy. As a bonus, this action will also reveal your closet and safe! The showers are to die for and Oh if mine could talk. (Zip it! Only VIP's get the FTP (Furry Trucker Package)) Speaking of, what happens at Dana stays with the Doorman. (TIP them people...they deserve it and are your best source of info in the city. And darn nice people too.) Staff is brilliant. Never had an issue. I've watched them when slow and when slammed. In every situation, its a witness to polished professionalism and grace. Sure, there may find moments that some visitors have where something went wrong. Every hotel has that reality. Dana just handles it better; I can most guarantee that based on seeing them in action day to day. Rooms rock. Beds are like sleeping on a dreamy cloud made of porn. Wonderful. The day I moved to my new home I actually shed a tear in leaving Dana. I've even gone back for a weekend just to see my muse. 6 Months later she still remembered my name. I'll never forget hers. (or his...) Class act guys.
