Oh, Elysian, how I love thee! Let me count (some of) the ways. 1.) You blow the competition out of the water. Many lust after you. Maybe it's your ample amenities (including two excellent restaurants, one of which has 2 Michelin stars!)  or the fact that you're larger (in terms of guestroom size) than most. Or maybe it's because you're young, having just opened your doors to the public in 2010. You're even ranked #1 by TripAdvisor-- and many other hot lists, I'm sure. 2.) You cater to my every whim. You've given me a free upgrade every time I've visited. I haven't tested you yet to see how many hoops you'd jump through to satisfy me, but my gut tells me you'd rise to the occasion. 3.) Your understated elegance. Most of your peers (Four Seasons, Peninsula, Ritz) prefer more gaudy displays of luxury. To me, their guestrooms look like a Vera Bradley store vomited all over the place. Your muted palate is aesthetically pleasing to the eye. Having a courtyard may seem a bit pretentious, you manage to pull it off beautifully. It's even heated so I don't have to worry about slipping on ice in the winter. And your spa is absolutely sublime. 4.) You give me a lot of bang for my buck. You're typically cheaper than your peers, especially if I can get a room at the Advance Purchase Non-Refundable rate. During the off-season, your rooms are a steal! I've booked an executive suite for $265/night. Plus, your room service prices are very reasonable. Breakfast for three only costs about $30.   5.) You care about my health and well-being. Your workout facilities are top-notch. I realize this may be because you don't want me to let myself go. You have complimentary headphones in case I forget mine. You even send someone to give me a towel and water while I'm exercising so I don't have to interrupt my workout. You also have orange-infused water, snacks, and fruit in case I need sustenance during a rough workout. The tiling in your pool makes laps fly by. If I want to step my workouts up a notch, you offer Gyrotronics and Reformer lessons. After-- or in lieu of, my workout-- you pamper me in your luxurious spa. I haven't experienced one of your massages yet, but some of my friends tell me that they leave you weak in the knees. 6.) You never make me pay tip. Your "no tip" policy is pretty sweet. I'm pretty cheap. I don't use my car during my stay or let the doorman hail a taxi for me because I don't want to tip, but I don't have to worry about either of those things with you. 7.) You're so much better than my ex, the Park Hyatt. I have to admit our breakup was not exactly pretty. I loved the Park Hyatt because of its Gerhard Richter, Dale Chihuly, Eames chairs and window seats. You may not have those things, but you have balconies and fireplaces! Now if you only had bearskin rugs. Your artwork--especially that cool green painting behind the front desk and the face waterfall/tiles in the spa--is pretty sweet. You take everything the Park Hyatt does and you do it better. The Park Hyatt has a TV in the bathroom, and it didn't even work the last time I stayed there. You have a TV in the mirror! Even your complimentary slippers are better than the Park Hyatt's! Theirs are cheap and flimsy, whereas yours are soft and plush. I once called the P.H. about a deal they emailed me about and the website didn't recognize the deal, but they had no clue what I was talking about. I even forwarded them the email and sent them screenshots of the screen I was getting. And they still couldn't figure out what I was talking about! Then they promised to call me back but didn't do so for two days. When the concierge finally did call, it took me everything I had not to tell them that I had already moved on, had decided to stay with you instead, and that you were now the love of my life. I know you would never mistreat me like that. And I know you're above playing silly games like waiting 48 hours to call someone.     8.) Your close proximity to most of my favorite spots in Chicago. Located on the corner of Rush & Walton, you're right across the street from Lululemon and Sprinkles! And you're only a short stroll away from the Mag Mile, the Museum of Contemporary Art, and Argo Tea. I wasn't sure if I should list this as a positive attribute because I have no self-control so my wallet is always a lot lighter as a result. My waistline also gets a bit thicker when I stay here. But isn't that what usually happens during the honeymoon phase of relationships, anyway? 9.) You make sure I get to my destination (as long as it's within a 2-mile radius) safely and in style. You used to get me there in BMWs, but I hear that you're driving a fleet of Lexuses now. Can't blame you; new rides are always nice and you can't beat the new car smell. If I could give out six or more stars, I would. If you couldn't tell, the Elysian is my favorite hotel in Chicago. Believe me when I say it's the best, I've stayed at pretty much every Chicago hotel worth staying at.
