NEVER, EVER rent a minivan at the O'Hare Enterprise!!!!!! First off let me say that I am not a man who complains very much, in fact very little, but I, more specifically my almost 70 year old Mother, Wife and 2 young children just had the absolute worst experience anyone can have with any company.  You don't mess with a Man's Mother, Wife or children is pretty much a golden rule.  Now the story. My Mother, Wife and 2 young children took a 12 day trip t co Chicago via O'Hare and rented a car with Enterprise.  I could not go due to work issues and I am the one who manages the finances.  My Wife, while the greatest Woman on Earth, would not be able to tell you how much an average daily car rental should be with any degree of accuracy much better than + or - $1,000. For 12 days rental, they were charged over $3,300 for a non-upgraded minivan, toll tag and prepaid gas and were told it was their "best" price. I did not find out about it until 3 days when I checked my credit card, IMMEDIATELY had my Wife return the minivan, disputed the charge with Citibank, tried to contact the CFPB to lodge a complaint and then calmly used Orbitz to rent a similar vehicle from a different company for the remaining period.  The TOTAL charge tax and all, less than $400 for nine days.  Enterprise charged us over $1k for the three days they drove it and that is the amount I have disputed.  Citibank usually has my back when I get taken advantage of so I'm hoping the dispute holds but Enterprise has already told me they will challenge. If anyone at Enterprise is reading the rental agreement is # 144904257, their phone # is 847-928-3320 and the Incident ID I filed is 20270034.  My contact info should be included with the incident ID if anyone wants to call and apologize. I finally received a call related to the incident I had logged from some guy at O'Hare and I wish I got his name, but he basically said it was a valid contract, supply/demand, blah, blah, blah.  All the while maintaining a rude, arrogant and derisive demeanor.  Well Enterprise, I don't care what your little computer spits out for pricing their is a little law maintained by the CFPB called UDAAP (Unfair, deceptive, abusive acts and practices).  I would say that this particular incident falls under the abusive provision because they did not properly explain that this ginormous and anomalous charge was related to some as yet unknown run on rental cars in a language that would have allowed my Mother or Wife to make an informed decision. For the record, I can not recreate anywhere near the $3,300 for that minivan rental from O'Hare. I got several quotes both online and by telephone for similar timelines and vehicles but only one even approached 1k.  Obviously, I can't recreate the exact days of their trip, July 10th to July 27th, but anyone how thinks $3,300 for 12 days use, no upgrade, with toll tag and prepaid gas of a minivan is anywhere close to fair, then I have a twice wrecked 2012 Chevy Cruze that I would really love to sell you for book value. Anyway, avoid Enterprise if you can and if you can't please remember this simple mantra, minivan rentals are NOT $300 per day. Thanks for your time, Robby
