Worst rental experience ever.  I would give them NO stars if I could. My fiance and I have previously rented exclusively from Enterprise and after our experience at O'Hare, we will NEVER rent from them again. We were traveling to a wedding shower being held in our honor in Racine, Wisconsin.  Our customer service associate took over half an hour to check us out, constantly needing to find his boss to figure out the slightest things.  He blatantly lied to our faces, pushing the prepaid gas option by telling us we'd "easily" use a tank driving to Racine and back (fortunately we didn't listen to him because it only took half a tank).  He also told us that we'd spend $12 on tolls and that the toll pass would be worth the money (it was at most $4 each way--more on that in a bit).   I understand the pressure on these agents to make money with these add-ons, but we have NEVER been lied to so boldly at Enterprise before and it's one of the reasons it's been our preferred rental car company.  The greatest insult, however, still remained.   We were running late for our engagement dinner by the time we FINALLY made it out to the cars, where he wasted more of our time pushing pushing pushing insurance (we pay for the extra car rental insurance thru AMEX).  We were so late by that time for a dinner being held in our honor we just did a quick scan of the car--and in the dim light I doubt we would have noticed the handful of dings around the rear left tire hub.   When we returned the car, however, a new customer service agent seemed to zero in on them like she knew they were there all along.  There is NO WAY they could have occurred while we had the car--it was parked in a covered, nearly empty garage at the Radisson in Racine nearly the whole time, except for two occasions when we were parked in a relative's driveway.  As the manager pointed out, the marks appeared to be dings from a car door opening and hitting our rental, but no cars were ever near it (funny how he seemed to know EXACTLY how they'd occurred). Enterprise has now initiated a claim for the $600+ it cost for this repair with AMEX and it looks like AMEX will cover it, but we are LIVID.  Given how boldly the Enterprise associates at the O'Hare location lied to us about so many other matters, and how there was no clear way the dings could have occurred while we had possession of the car, we have to believe that these agents knew the car was damaged and sought to cover it up with a false claim while we had the car. I have always valued Enterprise's customer service, as has my fiancé, who has achieved status with Enterprise from frequent renting, but I simply cannot see how we could ever stomach renting with the company again after this event and the shoddy, shoddy operation in Chicago (which, as others state, is nearly impossible to find when you return to the airport.  It's nowhere near the other car rental places and the signs are tiny.  Like others we also had to loop around).   To add insult to these many injuries, when we complained about the cost of the toll pass compared to the tolls, the manager agreed to take that charge off our bill.  NOW we're getting bill after bill from Enterprise for toll violations during that trip--with costly Enterprise service charges added in.  When you call to dispute them (or even figure out how to pay without sending 4 checks for 95 cents each, plus another for fees) the lines are so busy you have to leave a message (they promise a call back within three days.  We'll see).   When I tried to complain about this horrible horrible branch via Enterprise's website (the only means of lodging a complaint I've found), the website gets hung up and the message is never sent. It's sad because as I've said, we've always rented from Enterprise and never had a single issue or complaint. Now we just can't stomach the thought of ever going back.
