Proceed with Caution Sure, there are swarmy staff trying to upsale with extra this and that features. It's really annoying but not enough to lose my business. The issue that has lost my interest in doing business with them is this: Once the sale is made, CUSTOMER SERVICE is TERRIBLE. When you get a fee notice 2 months later and want to discuss it with some one, CUSTOMER SERVICE DOES NOT EXIST...until a few days later, after you've been transferred, put on hold, left messages and otherwise been ignored. Apparently, losing your temper does get their attention. Here's the long story. I didn't pay an Illinois toll. I knew this when I did it (I was in the easy pass lane by accident, mind you they would gladly have sold me an easy pass for a ridiculous fee at check out.). The IL tollway system has an online way to pay missed tolls. Except you have to have a US license plate. My rental car had an Ontario plate. I called the IL tollway system who told me that as a one-time offense, they would ignore the charge. Whew, right? No. They reported it to Enterprise who, 2 months later, added a $17 charge to the $0.55 toll. (That's 3090% of the original fine, in case you are curious.) I'm willing to pay the toll. What I wanted was to call Enterprise and explain the situation and politely ask a reasonable customer service representative to remove the fee. I called the number on the invoice. It directs to a voicemail that states they will return my call in the next 3 business days. Not okay. I called the national 800 number and pressed "3" for questions about past rentals. I got transferred to a rental agency in Brattleboro Vermont who had no access to the claim or authority to do anything about it. They politely looked up the Lombard Chicago customer service. I called that number, got transferred to "Rachel", who would "leave a message" with the toll violation folk, the same people with the 3 day wait. It seems their strategy is, as long as they have access to your credit card, they charge then make it very difficult for you to contest the fee. And they did call back and they did remove the fee. My questions for Enterprise are (1) Is there another way to sustain your business besides ridiculous fees? (2) Why is it so difficult to contact you? (3) If I hadn't made a royal scene, would you have listened? and (4) What if this had been a fine for something real, like a traffic accident? How would you have socked me then? Overall, I'm distrustful of their business model and leery of renting from them in the future.
