What would you expect, when you have your special day? What would you like to do, where would you like to go, and once you decided! How would you like to get there? Everyone has different dreams for their special day and everyone gives different value to it..  There are many special days in our lifetime such as your first meeting, first beginning, first car, etc. What would be the hardest? Is it to remember the special day or the treatment for the special day! I think for some people it's not easy either way. In the world, there are many people that don't celebrate any of special day. I was one of those people! "Forty three years! I never had a birthday party, what does it feel like?" Nothing or maybe emptiness, I saw many people's birthdays celebration, I have even been in their birthday parties as well, but somehow I have never given any intention to my birthday until November, 2009. I was turning forty four years old; to me I was more than half way through my life line. I finally decided to celebrate my birthday at least once in my long life. After I told my story some of my friends agreed with me and they also asked me, "When was my birthday is! We were gathered six people that night. Everyone brought something for me. We had some delicious snacks, drinks, and cake of course. They handed me some gifts and I didn't know how awesome it felt, especially getting those gift from good friends. During our conversation everyone starts mentions their first birthday or the very first birthday they can remember and they all had interesting stories.  I suddenly felt like I definitely missed a lot in my past by not doing anything to celebrate my birthday. While they mentioning their stories I was dreaming for the night keep it on going until I get totally tired. My dream was, we were in the limo and heading out for bars and clubs drink more beer and maybe some rock dancing. It was cool night but wasn't bad for the night of November. 'Laughing out loud' gets me back to my friends out of my dream, I also start laughing but I didn't even know what was funny! One of my friend start spoken out very loud he was like screaming as boxing ring announcer, He had his cell phone in his hand holding it and he was continuing to speak loud, In his speech I heard limousine term as the same time a car outside start honking continuously almost like crazy! He finally finish his speech by saying "We got limo outside waiting lets go" I was kind of froze for few second I also was thinking "Is that really happening"! What I was just dreamed of? Everyone must be seen my shocking face clearly they actually believe they have been succeed with their big surprise which they should are! But to me, most shocking thing was big surprise coincidence matched with my dream.     I have seen many limousines inside and outside I even had picture with them, but I ever had ride on them. It was a black stretch limousine, I was the first person who tried grabbed the door handle but two of my body stop me and said" not so fast we like to take some pictures first. Limo driver took several of our  pictures, later he open the limo door for us, everyone stepped back for allow me to enter the limo, when I saw inside the limo! There was, another shocking surprise waiting for me I am not a kid but there was many balloon taped on limo windows and several balloons with the happy birthday sign on it, another sign says happy forty fourth. Whole limo was stocked with beer, soda, water, ice and some liquor as well; there was dozen of cupcakes placed in crystal classes. After I have been sated everyone else enter the limo while they were doing that! They also were checking me out same time, my loudly spoken friend showed me his pointing finger and said "we got you again" Yeap you sure did. It was awesome. With limo driver's carefully driving skills we were enjoying our drinks and cupcakes on the way to downtown. I asked them where exactly we're going! But no one give me an answer, they all said "that is another surprise just wait and see"  It was weekend night where can we go except the bars or clubs I didn't fall in this dream deeply at this time, but I was expecting to go bar first because it was early for clubs. We took long drive around for to get downtown, I understand our routing was settled as well as everything else. Finally we got the place they wanted to take me, it was a big place which they do lot of concert in this building but it was also used as bar. Our limo driver droved his limo smooth and nicely to the front of the building then get out his vehicle, after he had a minute conversation with the security on the door, he came back to limo and open the door for us. I was kind of drunk didn't pay attention to people on a big line going around several blocks for getting into building. But, we didn't have to wait for long line, because the limo driver somehow manages our entry without getting into line at all. Thanks Flash limo Driver.
