First let me start by saying this is the worst company that I have ever did business with in my entire life. The previous review that stated that Charles (the person I spoke with about my rental) was extremely rude was correct!!!!!! Believe me I would not waste my time with this review and lie because I was not please at all with my service and I told Charles this and he didn't try AT ALL to fix the problem. He was EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL and rude to the point that he hung up the phone on me several times and stated that he would cancel my reservation. I wanted to rent the Maserati for two days. My daughter was going on prom and I told Charles that we would drive her to prom. His exact words were that he doubts that I would stay at the prom and he would send someone to pick the car up if I wasn't there and take my 4,000 deposit as well. He also stated it was a two door and we would not fit in the car. I intially told him that I wanted the car for another reason but I wasn't use to a rental place asking me where I would take the car and I'm paying a daily price to use it. We had all the credentials and he called me on the day of that I was suppose to pick up the car and stated my insurance person told him that we would take the car to prom and he stated he had to think about letting us have the car. He stated he would know everywhere we would be in the car cause he has a GPS on the car so now he is watching me.  I asked him was the car under business insurance and it shouldn't matter where we wanted to take the car as long as it was in Chicago. I told him that I wouldn't harm the car. He kept saying that my daughter and date couldn't drive the car on prom. I told him I would drive and he didn't believe me. He  said he would send and email for confirmation of purchase but I still didn't receive it. Did I stress the fact that Charles is EXTREMELY rude and doesn't try to please his customers in no way shape nor form. He asked me several times did I have the deposit and if  I didn't have it by a certain time he would move on to the next reservation. He never tried to help me on such and important day for my daughter. I WAS CRYING and this man had the coldest heart ever and he made me feel as if he was talking down to me as if I were a dog. He literally told me to call whomever and make an compliant because it was ok with him and I'm not lying. Charles will be the reason this business will suffer! Charles I thank you for everything you did because we went to another rental company and was treated with so much respect! I saved at least $4,500 at the other place and wasn't asked one time where we were going in the car. I drove my daughter and her date to prom in the new car which was a BMW and the event still turned out great. I will NEVER recommend this place to anyone. Charles was so rude and inconsiderate about my situation that I was so hurt and disappointed. He kept making assumptions about me saying your just upset right and I told him I'm only upset with the way you've treated me through the process of renting this car. We had the daily rental rate paid and we had the deposit yet he was still bitching. He never wanted us to use the car in the first place. I say it was a blessing in disguise because he probably would have charged a fee like he did with someone else and charged $500 or $1000 dollars over something petty stating it was damage. Hamish G. was spot on with his review. Charles was argumentative and should not have a job dealing with different ethic backgrounds. He was mean to me from the beginning and I told him that. He just said no I'm not and that was it. RUDE RUDE RUDE CHARLES WAS EXTREMELY RUDE. WITHOUT QUESTION and HANDS DOWN do not waste your time renting from a company that seems so unprofessional. Although they may have great cars in the end you will regret every dealing with this company. I told Charles that I would report him to the BBB and he didn't care. Please don't let anyone think this review is fake because this was my TRUE experience with this company. No one should be treated the way that Charles treated me and this is a warning that all good things are not good for you especially when someone doesn't no how to treat customers. Charles told me this is a family company and they are not like other rental company. And I wanted to say Thank God that you are not. No one should be treated like shit when they are paying for service. The cars at Global are not worth renting and your money would be put to better use elsewhere! I wish I could give no stars because thats what Charles deserves. I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone. You should be able to tell how passionate I able about this because I would waste my time writing this long of a comment.  This was the actual facts and whether you believe me or not this is the WORST customer service experience I've ever had.
