My family and I did the Groupon cupcake tour of Chicago. Unfortunately we were about 10min late due to the traffic from the Air & Water show in the city that weekend. By the time we caught up with the group the first stop was almost over. No one ever called us, but even worse, the company's phone number was not at all useful in communicating with any real person. I had also called them with questions about the tour earlier that week and had to leave a voice message; however, no one ever returned my call. Our tour guide was good though. I think his name was Steve? but I'm bad with names. We had the 3pm tour on 8/15/14 and If it wasn't for him I would have given the tour a one star rating. Our guide didn't talk a whole lot but he did give an explanation about each place and chef before we got the samples. It would have been great to have even more information about each stop (e.g., more details about the chefs, cupcakes, history, and the area, etc.), but as it was the tour did not feel cohesive at all and if we had accidentally fallen behind or got lost I don't think anyone would have noticed. I don't mean to speak negatively about our guide because I'm sure he was just doing his job. He was VERY nice and answered all of our questions. Either way there wasn't a lot of time at each stop to talk and we spent most of the time eating our tasty samples! The cupcakes themselves were wonderful! Most sample sizes where mini cupcake sized, but we did get regular-sized cupcakes at Crumbs (probably because the full-priced ones were the size of a personal cake!!!). The gelato at L'Appetito was brilliant and refreshing! West Town Bakery and Sprinkles were both great, but I was disappointed that Goddess & Grocer was no longer open at the time of our tour. Finally, one cannot complete a review of this tour without mentioning the infamous BLT cupcakes from More Cupcakes. Sounds awful but it is actually really good!! I'm definitely going to be visiting these places again! :) I had a nice experience overall but felt that it was overpriced. I paid $80 for four tickets and although the tour guide was very nice and was just doing his job, I could have found more information about the shops and chefs online for free. More importantly, I felt it was overpriced due to the nonexistent communication and customer service by Great Food Tours. I liked the tour well enough but will not go back to this company and I unfortunately would not recommend this to a friend.
