Horrible experience from the moment we walked inside the hotel. My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel during our first trip in Chicago. We arrived a bit earlier than we thought so we called the hotel to see if we would be able to check in early. The guy said there would be a room ready for us and we could check in as soon as we got there. He was very friendly and helpful! When we arrived at the hotel, a "bellman" started shouting something about how we couldn't check in yet and that our room wasn't ready to be checked in and we needed to stay on the ground floor. First of all, he didn't even greet us or introduce himself, therefore, it felt like some random stranger was just shouting at us when we first walked into the hotel. My girlfriend felt attacked because how does this random bellman know if our room is ready or not? He didn't even ask our names or anything. My girlfriend had just gotten off the phone with the front desk so we knew we could check in. We ignored him and went upstairs to check in anyways. When we got upstairs, we were greeted and checked in. The front desk was very helpful and friendly!! They did not give us any trouble about checking in at all. I have no idea what the bellman's problem was or why he felt the need to say and do what he did. Wait, it gets even better. We get breakfast the following morning and there is this obnoxious guy at breakfast. I have no idea if he works there or is a customer but they need to do something about him because he was there both mornings we were there as well. My girlfriend goes and gets some coffee and he starts yelling, "Why are you drinking coffee?! You need to drink some tea!!!!! There were no tea bags there so he starts yelling at the breakfast attendants to get some tea packets. He was dressed in all blue, which is what the breakfast attendants were wearing. At the same time, he had piles of breakfast food at one table. He literally had 4 cups of tea and about 2-4 plates of food just sitting at the table while he was at the computer after harassing my girlfriend. Also, I'm not sure if the hotel thinks its okay to just let their bellmen eat the breakfast while there's paying customers there or if the bellmen just does it without anyone knowing but that is just so rude. I'm sitting here trying to eat my breakfast while the bellmen and the breakfast attendants are socializing and eating breakfast. It was so bad that instead of checking out on our last day and leaving our bags with the bellmen so we could roam the city for a few more hours, we asked for late check out and kept our bags in our room. Overall, it was just a horrible experience. My girlfriend and I travel quite a lot and we have never encountered anything so trashy like this before at a Hilton hotel. Next time, we will pay extra to stay at a different hotel.
