+ great location when in Chicago, + nice rooms,  incompetent staff (!) with only two exceptions,  noisy from Thu-Sun night!,  super slow internet connection! We just spent a week at the MileNorth and our experience went from a great first impression to a huge disappointment! To keep things short here are the pro's and con's for the MileNorth: + Location: You are just around the corner of Mag Mile with its plenty shops and restaurants. The lakeshore and sights like The Loop, Millenium Park, Shedd Aquarium, Art Institute, Navy Pier are still in walking distance. Hip neighborhoods such as Bucktown/Wicker Park and Lincoln Park with trendy eateries and shops are just a couple of metro stations away or easy to reach by bike. + /-Amenities: + Rooms: The spacious rooms come with a coffee maker (Lavazza coffee) and a fridge with plenty off room for your own stuff. The bathrooms have a good size and same applies to the closet. - What bothered me was that although they have wine and beer in the mini bar there are no extra glasses provided. And using the toothbrush tumblers or coffee mugs is kind of unappetizing. - Internet connection: No hotel should advertise high speed Internet, when the broadband speed is slower as snail mail. If you have to work from your hotel room and email attachments or be available over Skype choose another place to stay. Otherwise you end like me running to Corner Bakery Café every morning to be able to send out emails with attachments over 100KB or Skype without interruptions! + Gym: The fitness center comes with treadmills and other cardio equipment and is a good alternative if it is too hot or cold to explore the lakeshore by running. + Rooftop bar: The deck is settled in the lower skyline of Chicago and since it is not as big as common rooftop bars it is really cozy and inviting. Due to the unsettled weather we couldn't enjoy it as much as we wanted and had to move to the bar inside. - Bar, 29th floor: This one is very narrow and if it is packed you barely can start a conversation with your companions. +/- Service: +/- Front desk: There is a big difference between the older and younger staff at the front desk! While the older staff is very friendly and experienced their younger colleagues lack those skills and come up with rash promises. E.g.: 1. Our assigned room wasn't ready after we gave them 3 hours for preparation on the day of our check-in (afternoon). One younger staff member changed our room (downgrade) without notice and gave us looks when we friendly insisted in our previous room assignment. 2. Requests that couldn't be solved at the front desk were never followed-up by them, which can be really nerve-racking! 3. What really upset me was that the day before our departure we arranged a pick-up the early next morning with the front desk and bellmen just to find out the next day that no reservations were made. Thanks to the manager that was in charge the next morning we were able to get to the airport with only a little delay! + Housekeeping: Except the delay during check-in we had no complaints about housekeeping the first 3 days. When the maid changed on day 4 we didn't receive all necessary bath amenities, but complaining about this would be like looking for a needle in the haystack. CONCLUSION Though the rooms are spacious and contemporary but the predominant incompetent staff and the super slow Internet connection should let you think twice to book a room at the MileNorth if you want to stay here during a business trip. Moreover the guests change over the week and towards the weekend they are getting louder and some cannot behave and are lacking manners. In short, it can get very noisy during night when they return from clubbing or whatever. Overall the location and rooms are nice but I am undecided whether the MileNorth can keep up with the popular 4-star hotel brands like Intercontinental, Marriott, Hyatt, etc. since they really have to catch up in service. + good location close to shopping and sights in Chicago, + spacious contemporary rooms, - most front desk staff is incompetent, - super slow internet connection! - noisy from Thu-Sun night! This review was written by the editor of travelin-mate.com
