Hubby and i found what we thought was a great deal on an awesome historic hotel with 4 stars.  Sorry but it was not 4 star service by any means. $67 per night for valet when right across the street is $42?  There was no room service, the only restaurant in the place closes at 1:30 pm ... yes you could get food served to you at the bar later but it wasn't anything to write home about.  Two different nights with the same drink should cost the same?  Oh no, hubby and i each had two drinks on the first night for $35 ... the second night (different bartender) we each had one for $31 same drinks as the first night.   The shampoo bottle was gone through by my husband and I in one day.  I had to ask for more and the housekeeper left the empty bottle in the shower.  The shower door would not close completely, took 2 phone calls and going down to the front desk to get it fixed and overall was over an hour. Most hotels that i have stayed at have free business center internet access for guests.  At this place nope ... although on check out the manager stated that they have complimentary wi-fi in the lobby if you ask.  Come on, I have to ask??  And on check out they give you a sheet of paper for express check out ... which I couldn't do because there was no pen in the room.  Plenty of paper, but no pen. I explained my disdain to the manager upon check out and because we had prepaid through a third party (Expedia) he said he couldn't do anything to offer me anything except for a room upgrade for our next stay.  However, if he had taken a moment to look at our account he could have easily comped our overpriced drinks on the second night.  Very little common sense there. Since the food choices are so limited we went out for almost all meals (which is good because so many are close) but we had leftovers.  My husband and I tried to get them to reheat the food but they said because of city ordinances they couldn't as they don't even have microwaves for employees to reheat their food and microwaves aren't allowed in the hotel rooms per health codes.  There is a Residence Inn a block away that has kitchenettes in each room.  So either the manager was misinformed or he lied to me.  Either way ... not a good situation for someone who is supposed to have their act together. Needless to say we won't be going back to The Knickerbocker and I highly encourage other people to do their research and choose another quality hotel nearby.
