Planning for my Spa Day, with my daughter, was something we had been looking forward to for months! When the day finally came we could hardly wait for our day of relaxation. However, that was cut short almost immediately while walking through the doors. To elaborate, we were  greeted by a much soft spoken male attendant who greeted us hastily. While asking to complete a form which we returned to him, he then placed hot face cloths in our hands to freshen up. One doesn't meet-n- greet, and freshen up IN THE ENTRANCE HALLWAY where other guests are entering and leaving!! I had was holding my big bag, a coffee, the pen and paper. Now at the COUNTER, I was supposed to somehow manage to wipe my hands and face while other people are waiting directly behind us. Extremely embarrassing!! Walking into the locker room, everything was nicely laid out and we thought things would turn around. Just until we notice a few privacy issues. While changing standing nude in the dressing area in front of my locker, 2 women passed by with your staff and I was completely exposed in CLEAR VIEW. Again, I was standing directly in front of my locker but with no screen/ drape, how else can I cover up? That was awkward but willing to let that go, seeing as how it is a ladies locker room. Last stop before the treatment, was the bathroom, which turned into another disaster. This is supposed to be a 4 star spa? Is asking for toilet paper too much to ask for? There wasn't any. And of course there was no staff around. Was I supposed to scream out from the restroom? HELP! Someone? Anyone? I need toilet paper!!  I think not. So made do with a "FEND FOR YOURSELF AND DO THE BEST U CAN WITH WHAT U HAVE" attitude. And unfortunately, I had to have the same attitude for the showers. The soap pump didn't work, so I had to wash up with the shampoo. This is not acceptable. At this point it is one disappointment after another and I have not even had my treatment yet. UGH!!! Now comes time for the treatment itself. Overall, it was a nice experience. Nothing out of the ordinary. Just nice. But I might be a little jaded because of my overall experience leading up to this. I was disappointed b/k I requested hot stones when scheduling but never got them. They said it wasn't on my receipt. I know I did because my certificate was for 150.00 and the massage was 135.00 so I wanted to pay the extra 20.00 so I can use the voucher. Which now at checkout I asked if I could apply the 20.00 to the tip or apply it to my daughter and I could not. So I lost out on 20.00 worth of service. Disappointing! Upon checkout, again the male clerk at the counter rushed us out. We had questions and he spoke so fast we could hardly understand. But he was very clear and very quick to add a 20% gratuity, which I did not like. Let me decide what I feel they deserve. Who are you to tell me how my treatment went? You were not there. But since she did do a good job I am fine with 20%. I did NOT like the approach he took. To summarize, your company MUST pay attention to DETAILS for a more favorable recommendation from myself and my daughter. I'd love to return & give high praises but not sure that's in the near future.
