The Odyssey cruise dinner was a disappointment.  I was in the cruise Saturday, March 13th; to celebrate my friends birthday.  It was a surprised dinner for him because it was mentioned that he has never been in a dinner boat and it seemed exciting.  I thought it was a perfect plan for his special day. We arrived at 6pm as instructed.  We then took our seats by the window and the staff suggested that we should wait for our dinner served until the boat starts moving.  We agreed to wait until 7pm.  While waiting they served us with warm bread and complimentary Champaign. That started well. The boat started moving at 7pm.  My friend and I ordered the Argentinean Scallops.  That tasted ok but wasn't able to see the scallops but shrimps.  For the main course,  I ordered the North Atlantic Salmon, looks pale and tasted is like hospital food.  My friend ordered the Grilled New York Strip Steak and according to him it tasted like rubber.  He specified, he wanted his steak cooked medium/rare.  It was served well done.  The waitress apologized and explained that due to remodeling/construction done on the other deck it caused for the food to taste horrible.  So whatever! Well, to forget the bad dinner we wanted to dance.  That was impossible.  The music played by two men band was depressing.  It was then announced that no one can dance on the dance floor because the wedding party has to dance.  I was surprised to be in a wedding that I had to pay $300.00 to attend.  So whatever!  My friend and I was determined to have fun and also because there's no way out for four hours. My friend suggested if we drink enough alcohol AND everything might sound better.  We ordered mojito.  That mojito tasted like mouthwash because it was bottled mojito.  Thank god we were able to return it without being charged. As mentioned because there was a remodeling/construction and private party going on the other decks; we were advised to remain on our floor.  The truth is with the bad music it was a torture.   Finally, at 10:15pm we were out of the boat.  What a relieve, until came to find out the parking validation did not work; date was expired.  The validation ticket given to us dated January 3rd and that night was March 13, 2010.  WHAT A NIGHTMARE!
