HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service! My husband and I booked a Sunday dinner cruise for our one year anniversary. When we arrived to the ship (by horse and carriage) we were told at the ticket booth that the ship was going to STAY DOCKED for the dinner cruise!!!! As you can imagine, we were immediately shocked, disappointed and annoyed that the company DID NOT NOTIFY any guests prior to arrival! Furthermore, we did not understand why the ship would not leave the dock as it was not raining or bad weather. Albeit, the weather in the earlier part of the day was not the best. However, the company could have called its patrons to notify them of its decision not to leave the dock! People travel far and wide to experience the Odyssey Cruise. There is just no excuse!!! EVEN WORSE: The ticket booth employees then gave us two options: 1) eat on the ship while docked or 2) book another cruise without penalty. With respect to option 1 they offered an open premium bar all night (which sucks for people who purchased any additional package or premium bar drink tickets!!!). To be honest, option 1 was definitely NOT an option. Odyssey Cruises are quite expensive. You don't just pay for dinner, you pay for the experience! Furthermore, Chicago has some of the best restaurants in the world and the Odyssey is not ranked high on that list, so why would anyone choose to sit on the boat while docked after paying a significant amount of money for the EXPERIENCE! Now to further aggravate the situation, we called the reservation number to rebook our cruise. We wanted to go on a cruise as close to our anniversary as possible...the next weekend or so. Well, apparently, everyday was more expensive than our original date! The next date available for the same price we paid was literally 3 weeks later (I admit that we had one conflict of our own). We asked the company whether it would be willing to accommodate us for a Friday or Saturday cruise given the circumstances and they replied "no." Ridiculous!!!! We then requested a full refund, which was granted. In sum, beware of planning an important event with Odyssey Cruises. Yes, the weather is always a factor. However, it seems to me that they may stay docked at any given time WITHOUT NOTICE or GOOD EXPLANATION, DESPITE WEATHER CONDITIONS!!! Very disappointed! As new Chicagoans, this definitely has been one of the worst experiences we have had thus far! If anyone has suggestions regarding other cruises, please let me know! P.S. I have been on Yelp since 09 and this is the first time, I have ever felt compelled to write my own review!
