Our cruise was last night (Sat. Nov 17th, 2012). The boat was beautiful and weather couldn't have been better but I'd never waist my money on the Odyssey again.  I purchased a group package for 10 and added on the "premium bar"  package for $35. I can't tell you how disappointing that  package was.  The house wine was barely tolerable.  I tried the house merlot,cab,and Pinot  before finally just buying 2 bottles of Louis Martini for $50 a bottle.  This same wine can be purchased at a wine store for $10-$11 per bottle.  I expect to pay double but not 5 times more.  My entire party was disgusted with the house wine and that was the only wine included in the $35 up charge.  I would even prefer to drink two buck chuck or Barefoot vs what was offered in their house wines that were offered in the "premium bar" package.   Service was poor at best.  My husband carried on a cake for my mothers bday. I kept asking if someone could please take it and put it in the fridge. Everyone kept saying your server can do that. When he finally came around to introduce himself I had to ask him if he could please take the cake. A good attentive waiter would have immediately seen the big box and asked to take it.   The food was mediocre at best.  My family had the ravioli, steak, and chicken. Tasting all of it nothing was great.  I thought we paid for a 3 course meal but yet we were never offered dessert.  They did have a chocolate fountain bar with fruit and brownies/cheesecake but this morning I noticed they had a dessert menu. I get it that we had the bday cake but after paying $2000 for a party of 10 for dinner I would have asked my waiter to put 10 desserts in a doggie bag if I had known.  Better yet a good waiter would have offered to do that.  But I don't blame him. I blame the company who hired him and for the lack of training. The band was great! And we made the best of it because I wasn't about to let all the above ruin my night.  But please don't waist your money.  There are so many great restaurants with incredible service and views in Chicago. You can always have dinner and then just pay for a boat ride with an after dinner drink. My husband and I went on the odyssey years ago just the two of us and it was a very different experience.  We had a great waiter, the food was excellent and we were greeted with champagne.   That wasn't the case last night. We weren't offered any champagne. However some of our party did order it and we new it was available at the bar. But again great service would have been a wait staff holding a tray when you board and saying "welcome aboard".  Please don't waist your money on this cruise. We will never go again. Heidi
