To be clear, I attempted to work things out with hotel and valet management prior to posting this review: I booked a one night stay in July with this hotel.  The room itself is a little overrated and not on par with other similarly rated hotels in the downtown area, though the location is excellent.  While it is important and worthy to note that I found the local management staff professional in dealing with the situation I am about describe below, they are apparently are powerless to influence either their corporate management or their contracted valet vendor.  For that reason, I will never stay at an Omni property ever again. Upon arrival at the hotel, I handed the keys to my car to the valet staff.  I checked in.  I later received a call asking me to come downstairs because an accident had occurred with my vehicle.  Turns out that the entire drivers side of my car had been wrecked by the valet.  The total damage was in excess of $10,000.  While the repairs were covered by the valet's insurance, I was without my car for 6 weeks while the repairs were completed (and they covered rental). However, my car is now valued, and will be at trade in, at significantly less than it would have been had I never stayed at the Omni and handed my keys to their valet service which I entrusted to simply park my car and not take $3,000 or more out of my pocket.  Despite several attempts to work with both the insurance company and Omni local management, they have been firm in indicating that they are not interested in compensating me for the loss in equity in my vehicle, despite acknowledging that this is exactly what has happened. No matter what the outcome is of the legal action I am going to take, I will not be staying at another Omni property anywhere.  This was a very disappointing example of a large chain that does not take accountability for financial harm to their customers and I'm willing to trust that Marriott (where I normally stay) will. I regret my decision to give Omni a chance. Chris Edwards 319-398-8205
