The hotel was very unique and had a great vintage feel.   That was the only redeeming quality for my first and last experience at this hotel.  I attended for NYE. The food was terrible and extremely limited.  The food staff was rude, uninformed and some could not speak English.  The security was awful! The security did not know anything about the event and could not control the crowds.  A fight broke out in the over capacity elevator (claustrophobics beware) and spilled out in to the lobby and no security was available to break it up.  The Chicago Police department had to be called in to break up angry crowds outside of the main ballroom!  I attend hotel parties for NYE because they have always been a safe bet and a safe environment.  The bartenders were unprofessional and made drinks so strong that they were difficult to drink.  When I asked the "bartender" to add some soda to my drink she literally said, "Don't you like your drinks strong, I'm trying to hook you up?!" This party was horrible.  When our group had enough, we tried to complain to staff.  The staff, including security, food servers and bartenders, simply kept telling us to contact the promoter, the next day!  The next day?! I realize that many hotels rent space to promoters but the hotel is ultimately responsible for the security, food, drinks and environment.  To continually pass the buck to the promoters is ridiculous!  After some research, I learned that the hotel hired a new promoter this year, that was different from the past few years.  I heard that this event was well run in the past.  Maybe the hotel should have stuck with a winning combination.  After this event, I will never attend this hotel for anything!  There are many hotels in Chicago.  The horrific, unorganized, unprofessional staff was bad but after many complaints the night of the event and today, to the Palmer House staff, all that I have received is that it was run by a promoter.  I have now spoken in person the night of the event and over the phone today, to over 10 staff members from the Palmer House.  Not one staff member from the Palmer House has offered any help or taken any responsibility for this awful experience.
