First walking to the hotel can be confusing.  There is nothing there; you actually have to go to the elevator and take that to the hotel lobby (7th) floor to check-in.   The start was rocky due to the fact we were promised early check-in only to be told that they don't do that and they were full the night before (Big 10 tourney was at the United Center).  The front desk person was good enough to offer us a great deal on upgrading our room to one that is larger and with a better deal.  We took the deal and was very happy to be notified about 2 hours later that our room was available for earlier than their standard 3pm check-in. The room when you walk in is just ok.  The living room had a nice view of Michigan Ave (we were on the 37th floor) and a couch, single chair and a desk with two chairs.  The bedroom however, is where you got to see the value of the room.  The bed was surrounded by the best views!  On the left side of the room (full window) faced the Lake Michigan and John Hancock Tower.  The full window in front of the bed looked down Michigan Avenue.  It was awesome to wake up to these incredible views every morning (how could you wake upset?)! The bathroom was actually small.  And we got a room that repeatedly had a clogged toilet (which became very annoying to have maintenance come up and constantly fix).  Not to mention that the stale water smell would waif into the room if it didn't get addressed right away.  Each time the concierge was very good at apologizing and dispatching maintenance.  However, for what you spend per night you shouldn't have to call down more than once to get this fixed. The Gym was just ok actually on the small side.  Only had 5-6 treadmills so you had to time it right to get on.  Also the weights area got easily congested for my workouts.   The gym and issue around the bathroom created a downer but, overall still a great stay and good hotel.  For what we spend - we may still consider some of the other options in the upper end of hotels in Chicago.
