I cannot say enough nice things about the Park Hyatt Chicago.  I have stayed there numerous times as my family frequents Chicago for weekend shopping trips. We choose to stay at the Park Hyatt primarily for three reasons... 1) the cleanliness/comfort. The hotel is very modern looking and has top notch amenities that make it look 5 Star in every way possible. Although Im not adamant on staying in "classy/luxurious" hotels, I have been raised to believe that cleanliness is not a luxury, but a necessity, and the Hyatt certainly complies with that belief. The rooms are spotless....the staff will wash your sheets as well as the  MOST COMFORTABLE DUVET COVER YOU WILL HAVE EVER SLEPT ON for every night of your stay if requested. The towels are extra large and soft, the walk in shower is spacious and relaxing, as are the soaking tubs. The toilet is separate from the shower and sink area, which is convenient. There is a cordless phone next to the toilet as well as a small tv in the bathroom, as well! The rest of the room is extremely comfortable, to. There is a large picture window in most rooms that overlooks the city/lake with a window seat that could easily double as a bed. 2) the hotel is centrally located on n Michigan ave, or the "mag mile". Right across the street is Water Tower Place (filed with shops and restaurants), American Girl Place, the Old Pump House, and the Hancock Building with the Cheesecake Factory below is only two blocks over. Buses and trains stop right outside the entrance to the hotel. The whole city is easily accessible. 3) The service. Its wonderful. The staff genuinely seem happy with their jobs and work speedily to accommodate your every request. The only downside is that numerous taxes and tips are tacked on to room deliveries, etc. But hey, you get what you pay for, and the service is fantastic. The pool is lovely, generally unoccupied and is four feet all the way around so great for kids. There also are steam rooms and LOVELY locker rooms that are so clean you could live in them. Views facing Michigan are often the nicest views, but all rooms at the Park Hyatt are a treat. You have to be willing to part with a decent amount of money, but if you are, YOU WONT REGRET IT.
