We were very disappointed. It did not compare to Park Hyatts we have stayed in Zurich, Milan, Sydney, Canberra, Paris (Vendome), and Toronto. It is not in the same league at all.  The check-in lady was indifferent. She did not even ask about the Diamond amenity. She said we were being "upgraded" but that upgrades were not available above the 4th floor. In almost every Park Hyatt we've stayed in, someone was disptached to escort us to our room.  Not here. The check-in person told us we were entitled only to continental breakfast. The continental breakfast was very skimpy at $16 - only a small basket of pastries (no cheese, meat or fruit), juice and coffee. My wife did order other things. Come to find out, on check-out, as Diamond members we were entitled to full American breakfast. (The restaurant NoMi was beautiful and great views.) Our room (408) on the 4th floor was a corner room with no lake view. Think they could do better for Diamond status. Room was boxy, sterile, only two small windows. The view from the window in the little nook where the glass desk was situated was gorgeous of the Water Tower, but you had to go to that window to look out. From within the room you could not see a thing. There was only ONE comfortable chair (Eames) for reading - and it had NO table next to it to set your drink or coffee. Very awkward. The second person had to sit on the bed to read. There was no tea/coffee-making in the room. We called to inquire and they did send up a coffe-maker.  The next morning, the housekeeping staff had taken the cups away, so had to call to request them back. The so-called complimentary hotel vehicle was not available on Sunday, then was "down for maintenance" on Monday. The bathroom was very nice with separate shower and nice shampoos, conditoners, and lotions. We were in Chicago for a special birthday celebration, and with prior Park Hyatt visits (and the positive comments on line)  were looking forward to a wonderful experience. All in all, it was a big disappointment. Have enjoyed many Grand Hyatts and Hyatt Regencys more than this.
