I wish zero stars was an option. First impressions are everything, so a good valet team who actually offers to park your car would have been a good start to our visit.  My husband and I waited in our car for over 5 minutes waiting and watching the three valet attendants stand there talking, and giving us glances as if we did something wrong.  So we got out of the car, unloaded our bags and waited in front of the car for another 5 minutes.  Still nothing.  I finally went up to one of the attendants and asked if we were in the right place to have our car valeted.  He says yes.  I said, how about some direction here then?  He says, well you got to just 'get up in there', meaning elbow my way through the group of smokers and partyers from inside the lobby to reach the little desk where another valet attendant was standing.   That's ridiculous.  Why should I have to fight my way anywhere to have my car parked?  We finally were helped and then received a $52 claim ticket.  If it wasn't so late, we would have found our own parking just 3 blocks down for $14/day. The lobby was only a small step up.  Super loud music, basically a club atmosphere.  It was dark too so it took us a few minutes to realize where the front desk was located.  Again, no direction whatsoever.  We checked in rather quickly, headed to our room which was nice enough if you like stain sheets, really hard floors and obnoxious toliet flushing.  And every time a neighbor shut their door down the hall, ours would rattle as if someone was going to walk through.  It was very unnerving to hear it, especially at all hours. To make matters even worse, my husband forgot a very expensive shirt.  It was tossed in between some sheets so we never say it while we were packing to leave.  I called the hotel the next day but they didn't have it.  I called 2 days later and spoke with Xavier who put me on hold for almost 10 minutes only to come back and say they couldn't find it.  I said, so what? it's just gone then?  (disbelieving that shirts just get up and walk away).  He LAUGHS and yes, yep!  As if my personal belongings matter nothing to him.  I know they don't, but he doesn't have to say it! Lastly, I'm still in the process of getting reimbursed $83.75 deposit I made on Spendia.com when making my reservation.  Public charged us full price without subtracting the $83.  As of right now I'm out $389 for the terrible hotel stay, $60 for a shirt, $52 for horrible valet services and an extra $83 for an unnecessary deposit.   There are 100s of hotels in Chicago.  Pick another one!
