DO NOT BOOK YOUR WEDDING BLOCK HERE!! I don't even know where to start with this review because the hotel was THAT bad, rude and hands down the absolute worst service I have received in quite some time. Aside from the fact that we gave them a ton of business from our wedding block, they DOWN GRADED my room. I initially offered to pay the full rate for a large suite and they offered to give me the wedding rate. I thought that was great until I got to the hotel and they down graded me. If I had known that was a possibility, I would have never accepted the rate. I had a ton of girls getting ready in my room and really needed the space. We tried to make the room work and called the front desk several times to get some items to help with the situation. They kept telling us they would bring more mirrors, chairs etc. and they just never showed up. Next Issue: A large majority of my guests could not check in on time, some of them were trying to check in after 5 PM and their room was still not ready. Next Issue: My welcome bags for guests were only delivered to a small percentage of the guests. They eventually waived that fee but only because my stay was so awful not because the bags were not delivered. You would think they would at least comp one night because the service continually got worse throughout the two nights, but no. Next Issue: I repeatedly tried to talk to the front desk about all of the issues, however I only got rude remarks and zero help. They basically told me, sorry and they couldn't do anything. Next Issue: We couldn't even get help with our bags. My parents had to steal a cart for themselves so that they could get their bags down stairs. This happened to several people. I spent about 35 minutes on Sunday making trips up and down the floors to get everything out of the hotel from my wedding - not one single person offered to help. Next Issue: Check out... They tried to put valet service on my bill. We did NOT even have a car parked at the hotel. They had no problem taking it off the bill however, they were going to try to just tack it on to my parents hotel bill without even asking them. Are you kidding me!? So you made a mistake and now you are just going to try to sneak it onto someone else's bill?! I completely regret booking my guests at this hotel and was completely mortified. I had so many people come to me with problems with the hotel that it is too many to list. There are plenty of nice hotels in Chicago that have great service, do not bother spending any time here. .
