Would probably have given a 4 if it weren't for a few details.  Some of these details qualify a 2 if it weren't for other details being good.   I've stayed in this hotel about a dozen times as well as many others in Chicago.  That being said, I know what is available and on par in the area. Let's start with the staff which will preface the hotel itself.  Certain members of the staff are and always have been biast towards certain guests and their appearance.  Particularly first impressions regarding attire and what that person may be with regards to importance financially, career, social status, etc.  Specifically, (and this is a fact and proven by myself and a family member who has worked there 5 yrs) there are rooms that are meticulously cared for... cleaned promptly and beyond expectations... with furniture and other accessories being repaired/replaced for minor insignificant damage that most people wouldn't notice or even care about.  Example: a coffee table with a nickel sized nick in the paint/finish of the corner.  All the while, there are other rooms that are purposely not as cared for.  Don't get me wrong, the linen and things of that nature are clean.  But going as far as certain floors being for certain "type" of guests to group them all together like profiling the moment you walk in the entrance is a bit ridiculous.  Keep in mind none of the rooms I'm referring to are any type of special suite.  What it all comes down to is if your image when you first check in is that of a person who doesn't tip or would be a party person, or even someone coming in just a t-shirt, old comfy jeans and sandals... you'll be put in the less maintained room.  If you show up in a suit or even just khaki's and a dress shirt... you will be given one of the immaculate rooms.  Like I said, profiling.  This all is included in services as well.  If you call for room service, or fresh linen, maintenance, etc... your profiling status will bump you behind other guests that may be considered higher profile yet not paying for a more expensive room.  I've tested this theory by the way. On to the hotel itself.  It's a nice hotel that you can tell has a certain age to it but kept maintained and remodeled over the years.  There is a nice rooftop to go to for smoking or just to sit for awhile and get some air.  Front lobby is nice and comfortable.  Concierge has always been friendly and quite helpful. The rooms... well you got a bit of it above.  Beds are quite nice and comfortable regardless of the room.  Sheets are of medium thread count but feel higher.  Some of the rooms have showers that don't have a door.  I know it's a trendy style these days but who wants the floor mat to already be wet before you get out of the shower?   Parking can be a pain... but hey... you're in Chicago. Overall the hotel is fairly consistent and the price isn't too bad for what you're getting.  If you want a step or 2 above a motel 6 or holiday in without going to the Trump towers or something... it's a good hotel if you can get past the profiling when you check in.   Good convenient location as well.
