Spent a few days in Chicago over Memorial Day weekend and had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The price is outstanding for the location (literally across the street from the Hancock Building and a long block from Michigan Avenue). We originally booked at the Seneca, which is right next door, but were switched the day before we left because they did not have any wheelchair-accessible rooms. The Seneca rebooked us, without us having to lift a finger. We did encounter a few problems on our stay, which were quickly rectified. Twice we needed fresh towels, and after informing the front desk they were sent to our room within minutes. The second issue was a broken door lock. We were unable to reenter our room upon returning from a day out. The front desk first tried to recode our keys, then immediately sent a maintenance worker to fix it. He let us back in the room, and after about 30 minutes he was unable to fix the lock. So they upgraded us to a suite, at the same rate, for the last two nights of our stay and even sent a bellman to the room with our new keys and to help with the luggage. When it comes to customer service, I always say it's not that you have a problem, it's what you do to fix it. The staff of the Raffaello was on the ball and didn't let any problems linger. The two things that knock the hotel down a peg are the elevator, and the lack of some advertised amenities. The elevator is TINY. At one point we saw four people, two with luggage, walk out of the elevator and were amazed. It was like seeing 10 clowns spill out of a car. Three or four people, without luggage, are pretty snug in there. Several times we had to either wave people away when we stopped at their floor, squeeze in uncomfortably, or were waved away by other guests because there was no room in the elevator. It'd be a major renovation to the building, but it really would have been better if they had one large elevator instead of two extremely small ones. The other major issue was the lack of an advertised sundeck and rooftop bar. Not the biggest deal, since we spent most of our day away from the hotel, but it would've been a great way to end the day. It's listed among the amenities in the guest guide and there are several signs around the hotel advertising it, but as of the end of May 2012 neither is available.
