In celebration of my 15th wedding anniversary, I booked their top level room (Grand Suite) for a Saturday night in August.  My wife and I had plans to eat at the hotel restaurant (Pelago Ristorante), followed by a visit to their much-touted Drumbar for some fine scotch and whiskey. Summary:  This hotel has a long way to go to become the upscale boutique hotel alternative to the other fine hotels in the area. Pros: (1) Pelago Ristorante - Superb food and fantastic service. Cons: (1) I emailed the hotel three days before my visit asking them for suggestions to help make my 15th wedding anniversary stay special.  I received no response. (2) Upon check-in, we had to go inside the hotel to get the parking valet's attention. (3) The reception at check-in was cold and indifferent. (4) Upon entering the 2nd floor grand suite, there was a slight funky smell in the air.  This smell soon dissipated, however. (5) Upon checking the room's view, the website promised "finest views of downtown Chicago" turned out to be views of the garbage dumpster corral.  I kid you not. (6) The mobile website promised a "marble bathroom" and an "oversized bathroom".  In reality, the bathroom contained no marble and there was no way to fit two (skinny) people in the bathroom at the same time. (7) WORST OF ALL.  After dinner, we found out that the Drumbar was CLOSED FOR THE NIGHT FOR A PRIVATE PARTY.  Yes, a Saturday night in August.  There was no notice of this closing posted anywhere on the website prior to or after I made the reservation.  There was no attempt to contact me and inform me that Drumbar would be closed the night of our stay.  Nobody mentioned the bar closing during check-in.  Drumbar's supposed charm/ambience and their touted whiskey/scotch selections were the main reasons we chose to stay in this hotel.   Otherwise, we most likely would have chosen another, proven hotel. (8) We wandered out for a nightcap somewhere else.  Upon re-entering the hotel, we were questioned rather rudely by the doorman as to whether we belonged in the hotel.  Attitude is everything here, and his was bad.  (Mind you, I didn't look like riff-raff, I was wearing dress clothes and a tie.) (9) The sink in the bar of the hotel room didn't work. (10)  The Sunday morning hotel manager listened politely to my complaints (above) upon check-out.  He took notes and promised a follow-up.  It has been five days and there has been no follow up. (11)  On Tuesday morning I emailed the hotel requesting follow-up.  It has been three days and there has been no follow up. (12)  On Tuesday afternoon, I filled out their hotel survey negatively, included my email address, and asked for follow up.  It has been three days and there has been no follow up.
