I have been using Relay Rides for 8 months now and I am definitely a fan!! BOTTOM LINE: This option is much cheaper than other car sharing websites or traditional car rental agencies and is often more convenient (cars right in your neighborhood!). Another positive is that you can build a good rapport with the people you are renting from. I have found that renting from one (or two) owners consistently makes the whole experience go smoother and it can make it easier to get a car quickly in a pinch. I do hesitate to give them 5 stars however because there are some details of the site that are not as straightforward as they need to be. I am fine with them now since I have been using the site frequently, but I think they could be frustrating at first. 1. In order to really enjoy Relay Rides, you need to plan ahead a little bit. If it's your first time renting this is especially true since they will need time to verify things like your drivers license. 2. The listed price you see for the cars does not include the rental fee, nor the insurance costs. Because you choose how much insurance coverage you want and therefore insurance rates differ, I understand why they do this, but it would be helpful for them to at least note that you will be paying more than what is listed. 3. I did find it difficult to find the help line number. One last thing: This could either be considered a strength or a weakness, I consider it the obvious risk in using the site. The experience of this service really depends on finding a good owner to rent from. I had one very frustrating experience where the car was not clean, its muffler was broken, and one of its battery ports had to be wiggled if it was cold before the car would start. Of course, none of this was mentioned in the description of the car. I would argue that this is all the fault of the owner, and a risk that is taken in using relay rides. Right after that I rented from an amazing owner, who I have now rented from consistently with each experience being excellent.
