There is a laundry list of issues I experienced during my two day visit, some bigger than others: 1) When making the reservation, a few weeks in advance, I requested a room with two beds. While it said one may not be available, you would think they would know if one was available at that time, and if so, it should have been reserved. If not, it should have made that clear so I could be prepared. As it turns out, I did not get the double beds, so one of us had to sleep on the pull-out couch. 2) The TV has a device plugged into it which disables the ability to do anything but watch their programming, much of which I'm sure costs money. Something as simple as hooking up a portable device to the TV with HDMI to watch a video requires unplugging the device. Not difficult to do, but still very annoying, and it prevented us from watching a movie the first night until we got it figured out by asking the hotel staff. 3) It took two calls to get extra towels brought up, as they apparently forgot the first time. 4) There was no do not disturb sign in our room, so I had to make one at the last second as we were heading out in the morning. 5) We were there for a conference, which got off to a delayed start the first day due to a faulty cable in the hotel's setup. It's unbelievable that they don't test things beforehand. There are a couple good points that helped the hotel's rating a bit: 1) The check-out time was earlier than the time our conference was scheduled to end. I called the front desk the night before and they extended the check-out time until afterward. We ended up checking out on time anyway, since the hotel provided a staff member to watch peoples' bags between check-out and the end of the conference, which was very helpful and appreciated. 2) The shower stall was massive, a small but welcome change from the typical hotel bath with vinyl curtain. All in all, I'd give this hotel 2.5/5 stars. I rounded up because I didn't feel it deserved a 2-star rating, though it was close.
