Let me start from the bottom line - there is nothing here to hesitate!! You can trust with your closed eyes on Ryan Corporate Housing regarding the services you will get and the high level of quality apartments that they have. In one sentence may I say a 5 stars service by any means (although you are in an apartment rather than a hotel room:-)). You will be satisfied beyond your expectations, I have no doubt!! I arrived to Chicago for working. Starting from my first phone conversation with one of the Company's representatives I felt something different - the attitude was so personal with lots of willing to help as much as possible. During my stay in Chicago I experienced both living in a 2 bedroom apartment and a 1 bedroom apartment. Both apartments under the control of Ryan Corporate Housing and I can assure you that the quality level of both apartments was above all my expectations. The apartments are spacious and beautifully decorated. It seems that lots of thoughts were invested regarding every piece of furniture and every item within it. The apartments are fully furnished. When I say full I mean totally full. All that's left for you is just come up with your luggage - that is all!!! The apartment is full equipped with everything that you need, can imagine and many more. Enormous amount of clothes hangers, towels are every place, TV and cables in the leaving room and each bedroom and of course do not forget the kitchen. The kitchen is fully equipped in most high quality tools you may think of. As one who loves being in the kitchen and cooking, I can tell you that apart from groceries you need to purchase, nothing else is missing. Let me share with you one more thing from my experience - I guess you had the chance to take a look over the pictures of the apartments in the web site itself - Let me share with you a secret - the apartments looks much more amazing in real life. To summarize this section - I can assure you with no doubt that you fall in love with the apartment you enter. It does not matter which kind of apartment it will be as long as it is under the management of Ryan Corporate Housing you will be totally satisfied and happy. Now let discuss about the people within Ryan Corporate Housing. It's been a very long time since I experienced excellent, professional, high quality and high caring services as I received from the people within Ryan Corporate Housing . It starts by saying that the services provided is so human and covered with lots of true willing to help, support and assist. The amazing attitude does not end after you are signing the contract. Each time I moved to an apartment I received a call to verify if everything was okay and if something is required. Each time the purpose of the call was to really understand and to know if something is missing and did I find the apartment as I expected.  Any request or question that I had like asking to replace a coffee table made of glass into something else so my little kids will not break it was implemented immediately. Even when I moved between two apartments they offered me (Although did not asked) to help moving my stuff from one apartment to another. Everything was done while I was at work and when I came back everything was arranged without my need and efforts to invest time rearranging everything. This is just a small example of the services you get from Ryan Corporate Housing. They always, but always provided me the feeling that they are with me. Always thinking for a way to facilitate your stay, make it more comfort and most important, although I was physically far from my home town, they gave me the feeling that I was at my home!!! They gave me the feeling that every single time I can count on them - I have nothing to be worried. They will handle me. They will take care with everything I need.   Difficult to explain myself how they did it, but in a very short period of time they gave me the feeling that I can trust them with my eyes closed. It may perhaps not so hard to explain - thinking backwards, very quickly I noticed that everything I have been told on the phone with them, all the things which were promised to me all the information I saw through the website - everything completely was exists in reality and even more. This is all about people!!!  Ryan Corporate Housing is a group of amazing people who will do whatever it takes to provide you the highest level of comfort integrated with the highest quality standards and all of this in the highest standard of services you can imagine. I am leaving Chicago with sadness mainly because we had such a great experience and conditions staying within the apartments relate to Ryan Corporate Housing -I feel like I am leaving friends. I warmly recommend without doubts about Ryan's Corporate Housing properties. You will not be disappointed. Take Care. Avi Ofer
