I only have fantastic things to say about this dive operation. Here is a list of key points: -I have dreamed about learning to scuba dive for 20 years and my expectations of this experience were extremely high. The owner Rami and his staff exceeded those expectations. -Rami and his team take diving and safety very, very seriously, but they don't themselves too seriously, which creates a laid-back learning environment that is focused on safe diving and delightfully peppered with wise cracks and one-liners. -Rami is a hardcore diving geek and he surrounds himself with other diving junkies; this shop attracts some of the most passionate people I have ever met. The goal of this shop is not to certify you so you can cross scuba off the bucket list and never go diving after that, they are geared toward giving you the knowledge, skills and confidence needed to be a life-long diver. To them, the safer and more trained you are, the more fun you can have relaxing and enjoying the underwater world. -The pool sessions were superb. Extremely detailed pre-dive briefings and excellent one-on-one attention. I had questions about my dive computer and while we were underwater, Rami took the time come over to me and show me exactly what I needed to know on my own computer. -The classroom sessions were very fluid, it felt like we were just talking about scuba for a few hours, but the information imparted and the personal experiences Rami told us as a long-time diver were an invaluable part of training. -The shop has a great selection and is priced very reasonably. Within 6 months of my Open Water certification, I have a full set of my own gear, all purchased from the shop. Rami takes the time to explain each product, its functions, its applications and its benefits. No-pressure sales environment. Its all about learning the kind of diving you want to do and equipping you for that. He honestly does not care if a less expensive option is the right one for you, he wants you to have the right equipment for your needs, period, and he won't up-sell you into the priciest gear if you don't need it. He just gives you the information you need to make an informed decision and he lets you do the rest. I went and bought regulators from him on a Saturday morning and the dude gave me a doughnut. A DOUGHNUT! If that ain't customer service, I don't know what is. BOTTOM LINE: You will walk out of this course a safer, more confident and more skilled diver than many others who have the same Open Water certification as you do. Rami loves diving with all his heart and he wants to spread that joy to as many people as possible. I will be diving for the rest of my life thanks to the infectious enthusiasm and top-notch training offered here. If you have ever thought of trying scuba, don't wait 20 years like I did. Your dream shop is just a little ways north on Western Avenue.
