I've taken this cruise once before with moderate pleasure. I thought the tour guide wasn't very knowledgeable and was busy working his comedy gig into the tour but eh, no big deal. It was tolerable. Well, being a Mom, I also recognized that this was a decent option for my youngsters for an afternoon out on the town. So when I spotted it on Groupon (yes, our beloved Groupon) I picked up a handful of passes. I tried for weeks to get a decent date but to no avail. They were always "booked for Groupon seats" OK... so I thought I'd just wait till the Groupon rush had passed. (A few weeks). I called again and the kind operator said, we'll just have to extend it for you. WONDERFUL! That's what I'm talkin' about! (You see, I am part of a business who works with Groupon deals every day and that's exactly what we do. We accommodate our potential long-term customers because we know if it's a big deal to them - it's a big deal to us. Well, the date she offered me had to be confirmed by guests. I called back the next afternoon and another telephone operator tells me, "No that time and day has been booked up for Groupon seats." So I tell him that I've been calling hearing the same line and now it's about to expire. He puts me on hold for 4 minutes and 35 seconds and returns to say, "My manager said we'd honor the face value once it's expired." YOU SAID WHAT?!?! Uh, I spent $80 on these. I'd like to give him a date and time to book these vouchers and he says, they'll be expired by then. Yes, I know but if I book right now can we honor that? "No." OK. So here I am on Yelp. I was trying to redeem my paid-for vouchers and purchase 2 more at regular price for the 75 minute architectural tour for myself, an adult guest and 4 children but that didn't happen because SeaDog cruises doesn't honor their deals nor the value behind the people purchasing the vouchers. They received their part of the check. Now... I'm out of money and very disappointed. Like my boss said, he doesn't understand why they step over dollars just to get some cents. Unreal customer service or lack thereof.
