I've been a faithful fan of Southwest Airlines for 14yrs but my last experience was the worst experience I've ever had in my life!! I understand that everybody gets stressed and everyone has a bad day. However, if you're going to be a customer service agent, you should be better at controlling your emotions and dealing with people. Yesterday I was trying to fly out and I had not one but three agents arguing with me at the same time. Not only did one agent give me bad instructions, but then the other two agents behind the counter started arguing with me saying I was told to do something else. I asked an agent for help and she asked me to give her a minute then proceeded to talk to another gentlemen. I saw they had a lot going on so I sat in one of the seats next to the counter and called the people waiting for me at my destination to let them know what was going on and I might be late. After some time passed, the agent still hadn't called me back or even acknowledged the fact that I was still waiting. So I walked back up to the counter and before I could even finish my sentence, the agent asked me to give her a minute again. Eventually, I got tired of waiting so I asked someone else for help. When the next person I asked, went up to the counter and asked what was going on, one of the women behind the counter said I don't know why she's still here, she was given instructions already. I told them I only did what the  first agent asked me to do which was wait a minute. Then, the first agent that I spoke to originally, said that she didn't help me because I should have never walked away and I was on my phone. She said I should have stood there and waited patiently for her to finish doing what she was doing. I couldn't believe that I had three agents arguing with me and telling me it was my fault that I wasn't helped. I've always gotten the best service from Southwest Airlines so to all of a sudden be treated so cold was a shock and I literally was in tears. I had to stop and pray for God to give me strength. I don't know who is in charge of the hiring process but they must not be as strict as they used to be because these three woman were very unprofessional. It honestly changed my whole perspective of SWA.
