Et tu, Southwest?  Enticement? Southwest has been my preferred airline for years.  I was one of those obsessive people camped out on the floor behind the "A" sign back when boarding worked on a strictly first-come, first-served basis.  I don't know which frustrated comedian started the in-flight patter, but I've always looked forward to it.   (My personal favorite, from a pilot reassuring his passengers that despite a long delay in takeoff, he'd get us to Chicago on time:  "Nobody's going to miss a connection.  I'm gonna fly this plane like I *stole* it!").  Southwest has always delivered exactly what it promised, right down to the peanuts. So in addition to being out of pocket, I am sadly disappointed about an experience I had with Southwest the other day.  I should say first off that the whole thing was entirely my fault.  On the other hand, I was on my way to an unanticipated funeral and doped up on cold medicine.  Here's what happened: Distracted and ill, I forgot to check into my flight 24 hours in advance.  When I finally did, I was in group C.  I didn't really care--I'm small and usually in the middle seat next to my husband.  When I went to print my boarding pass on the way out the door, I had an email from Southwest.  "IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO UPGRADE TO BUSINESS SELECT!" it said. Yes, I know.  There are no upgrades on Southwest.  There is no business class.  All the seats are the same.  That's one of the things I've always liked about Southwest.  As I said, this mess was my own fault.  But somewhere in my foggy brain a voice said:  "You're going to get a middle seat where you won't be able to work.  It's a four and a half hour flight.  Upgrade, and get a bigger seat where you can at least work." This seemed reasonable, so I did.  I was in a hurry, but I did notice that this upgrade was going to cost me $350.  Given the current state of air travel with United/American/USAirways/Continental Airlines, this did not seem out of the question.  "Screw it," I decided.  "I need to work."  So I bought it. All went swimmingly until I got on the plane and looked around for business class and had that V-8 moment:  Wait a second!  Southwest doesn't have business class!  Panicking, I explained my problem to the flight attendant.  She took in my red eyes and stuffy nose and said, "Your eyes must have been playing tricks on you.  You must have bought Early-Bird boarding."  This made sense, and since the things I do frequently make sense, I figured she was right and settled into my seat. When I got to San Jose I checked my Rapid Rewards Account (did I mention that I put every penny I spend on my Rapid Rewards Visa card?), and realized that I had, indeed, upgraded my online one-way fare of $164 to a Business Select fare of $516.  What did I get for this?  A free drink coupon, preferred boarding, and the security that I could change my flight if necessary. I called Southwest and pleaded my case, and they were as nice as ever and deposited a flight coupon of $175, or half what I'd paid to upgrade, in my account.  They explained that when I discovered my mistake I could have gone back to the kiosk and undone things.  I figured this was the best I could do under the circumstances, and besides, it was really my mistake. HOWEVER....  Why did Southwest send me an email informing me that I could upgrade to Business Select, whose chief benefit is its no-penalty for itinerary changes, two hours before my one-way flight was scheduled to depart?  All I wanted to do was print my boarding pass.  In my right mind, I would not have confused Southwest with any other airline, where people who want to be able to open their laptops during the flight need to purchase extra legroom.  But rushed, bereaved, and flying on good old real Sudafed from behind the pharmacy counter, I pushed the upgrade button and bought myself a $350 drink. I'm used to having to decline the many opportunities United and American offer me to enhance my flying experience every time I print out my boarding pass at the airport.  I'm not used to that with Southwest, because Southwest never played that game.  On Southwest, you always got what you paid for, which was a safe, reliable flight to wherever you were going, and were served The Beverage of Your Choice and a bag of peanuts by friendly flight attendants who treated everyone the same.  It is sad to see Southwest become just like the rest of the industry, bit by bit by bit.
