Since I can remember, Southwest was been an exception airline hiring exception - think outside the box employees.  However, as of late, their booking practices, and new boarding pass system could leave you stranded! My husband and about 27 others (all from Chicago) attended a conference in Seattle this past weekend. One of the attendees was an 18yr old teenager.  His grandmother and mother only allowed him to go provided if my husband would act as "guardian" to ensure that the kid does what he's supposed to - which in the end, wasn't a problem.   However...when it was time to come back, I checked-in my husband super early, and yet his boarding pass stated he was a "C" vs an "A" or "B".  Though I thought this was odd, I really didn't think about it much later.  I even called the teenager's grandmother to make sure that she checked-in her grandson which she said she would do, but much later in the day. The next day, my husband, the teenager and the rest of the attendees got to the airport, and printed out their boarding passes.  My husband made sure that the teenager printed his as well, and off they went to the gate. So now they're standing in line to board, and finally get to the passengers standing in line "C". My husband nor the teenager noticed that his boarding pass didn't have a letter on it, but rather a phrase - "Security Pass".  So when my husband questioned what that was to the Attendant she indicated that because he was one of the last 15 passengers to check-in online, it really means that the kid would fly standby. But reality is - he's not getting on the flight. So after 20minutes talking with the Attendant, it was clear that the kid was not going to make the flight.  So since my husband was his "guardian" for the weekend, he too did not get on the flight.  Instead, he was able to find another flight, but 4 hours later that the two could take to come back. With the understanding that they would be flying standby.  If, in the end they didn't have enough seats, they would have to wait for the next flight - again flying standby.   What kinda nonsense is this??? Other passengers weren't as lucky as my husband and the teenager.  When they printed out their "Security Passes" some found out they wouldn't be able to leave until the next day, or the day after that - that's 2 full days later.   This is an Outrage!!! No one had ever head of this "Security Pass" - I haven't, none of the people who got bumped had... What about you? So now, if you fly Southwest, your worry isn't, "will this plane leave on-time", but rather, are YOU leaving on this plane!!! They need to change this system.  If those people who were stranded didn't have a place to stay, and didn't have any money, what is their recourse? Southwest, you can do better than this.
