I am so happy that I decided to go on a tour of Devon Avenue with Mohamed Ali and Spice of Life Tours! The day proved to be so much more than your typical "food tour" experience in Chicago, and it was well-worth twice the amount we paid for the day. I was educated on the history of the neighborhood, Indian cultures, the regional types of foods and spices used. Misconceptions were demystified, and I left with a full stomach, some excellent purchases, and amazing memories with friends..... and a new found understanding of an area of Chicago I was not familiar with.   When Mohammed advises you to come hungry, do just that. We began our day noshing on delicious treats like samosas and rose syrup donuts with sugar cane water at a bookshop. We then moved onto the Sahill (think Saks Fifth Avenue for Saris) where the female attendants were fitted for beautiful saris, and the mal participants were dressed as Indian grooms. We then visited a local salon to get henna tattoos. (One of my friends also was able to get her eyebrows threaded for only $5 while we waited for designs to be completed-- very inexpensive spa services are done here.) Then, we ate some more delicious food at Tiffin, a fine dining experience. I wanted to lick the bowls, but had to restrain myself. We then visited a Sikh temple, and were treated to delicious, freshly made chai tea (I learned that Chai is Farsi for Tea), and were able to learn about the history of the Sikh religion, and misconceptions of the Sikh faith were also explained. Then, we were taken to a wonderful shop where I purchased an amazing pillow crafted in the "kantha" style for my room. Kantha designs take the best parts of older saris and fashion garments and turn them into new saris, quilts, or other decorative accessories. Then, we ate kabobs at JK Kabobs (with green Cream Soda called Pakocola--- so neat!), visited the paradigm of grocers and were able to pick up teas and spices at prices so low, you will never go to Whole Foods for them again. Ever. Our tour wrapped with a vegetarian meal that was so flavorful and beautifully presented, I didn't miss the meat.   All in all, this was a fantastic culinary adventure spent with friends. I felt very comfortable, was never rushed, and was encourage to ask any questions that I had. Mohammed was a wonderful guide, and took his time to make sure that we were comfortable, that we wanted to continue after each stop, and that we were enjoying ourselves along the way. Some members of our tour had never eaten Indian food before and discovered that they loved it. We left with some great information, a bag of goodies for Mohammed, and some excellent coupons form the restaurant we visited along the way so that we could return at a later date.  I am going to ask some friends from school, and from work if they would like to come back with me and take the tour. Please don't hesitate to book your day with Mohammed. I guarantee you will have a super fun time.
