I stayed at The Sutton Place in April of 2012, and even though it's been over a year, I still keep it in the back of my mind as a solid place to stay in Chicago. I only stayed here for three nights but as a solo traveler it fit my needs perfectly at the time. The only reasons I stayed here to begin with were 1) the location and 2) the $95 per night deal I got on Hotwire. Otherwise, I wouldn't pay full price to stay here, even though I enjoyed it, so try to get a good deal if you can. The front desk staff were young and a little "over it" looking, but I got to check in early and had no issues getting to my room. The room itself was on the small side and a little dated - clunky TV, a spacious but 80s influenced bathroom - but I didn't mind because I was there to prowl around Chicago, not hang out in my hotel room all day. That's also why the lack of free wi-fi didn't bother me. They will let you print boarding passes for free in their media center, though. The only real complaint I had about the room was the bed. It was huge, but rock hard and the pillows were well loved aka super thin. The only problem I had with noise was on my last night when a family who obviously had kids checked in to the room next to me. I got to hear some munchkins having a meltdown at midnight with some banging on the walls, but it wasn't enough to call the desk about. The standout feature of this place is the location: literally about a block from Mag Mile and the lake, tons of little shops and great restaurants on the surrounding blocks. This is probably the thing that will bring me back to this hotel! Great starting point to get anywhere in the city. I had a nice view on the 7th floor of the intersection of Rush & State streets. Since I'm not from the area I can't speak to whether the area immediately surrounding the hotel is super trendy or super lame, but I wasn't really hitting the bar scene. Basically, if you're in Chicago on business or for a fun weekend in the city, keep this place in mind. I mainly used it for crashing after a long day out and about and would do so again. If you're bringing your family to the city and expect huge rooms, hands-on service and constant attention, this is probably not the place for you. But, again, I was on my own for this stay and The Sutton Place came through.
