I was unpleasantly surprised with my recent stay at Swissotel Chicago this weekend.  After reading countless positive reviews, I was really looking forward to be staying at the Swissotel this weekend while my boyfriend and I experienced a little bit of what the city had to offer!  The location was great, the lobby was modern and swanky and the views of the Chicago River were awesome but my personal stay was short of what I expected. First off, I had booked a room with a King bed and was put into a room with 2 double beds.  Simple mistake so I thought.  I told the bellhop and he said he would let the concierge know and they would get in contact me to switch rooms.  No one ever got in touch with me and my boyfriend and I had a Cubs game to get to so I blew it off and it really wasn't a huge issue to me. After checking in to our extremely stuffy and hot room I quickly put the thermostat to 65 degrees hoping it would cool down.  When we returned to our room after a full day of fun in the sun the room was still stuffy and hot.  The air was blowing out cool but not cooling down the room one bit.  The concierge had little help to offer because the air coming out was cold.  There was nothing to do but hope it cooled off (which it didn't!) There is nothing worse than trying to fall asleep in a hot room. The next issue occurred while picking up our vehicle from valet.  I called down for our SUV about 10 minutes before checking out.  When we got outside the valet told me it wasn't here yet and we could go down to the garage to get it.  When I said it's fine we can wait (because my boyfriend and I both had our hands full with our luggage and I wasn't trying to carry it any further than I had to) he told me it would be a 20 minute wait. Hmm kind of strange when I paid $65 DOLLARS FOR VALET and called down 10 minutes ago! Not to mention the fact that no one offered to help us with our bags. I'm sorry but that is poor customer service.   These may seem like small issues to some and I am not writing this review to tell you not to stay here or that it is an awful hotel.  I am writing this review because I am very disappointed in my personal stay here.  I am 22 years old and just graduated college.  This trip to Chicago was a birthday present to my boyfriend from me and sadly our stay at the Swissotel fell very short.  I spent over $300 for a night's stay here to get a horrible night sleep in a double bed and crappy customer service. Very disappointing.
