Location, location, location!   This place is a perfect place to stay without breaking the bank.  You are literally within walking distance of many of the cities top tourist areas.  We walked to Millennium Park, Navy Pier and all around the Magnificent Mile.  Great restaurants were just a couple blocks away.   We had to travel to McCormick Place a few days during our stay which was quick and easy to get to on bus #3.   Definitely not a 4 star place, but very accommodating and comfortable.   The only downside of our week long stay was a parking issue.  Dewitt Place does not have their own parking garage/lot, but they do offer parking at a garage directly across the street for a discounted rate.  We drove a GMC extended cab pick-up truck and we were told they couldn't accommodate the truck due to its size.  The attendants at the garage offered a few alternative places, however the only one that would take our truck charged $65/day ($41 more than the discounted rate through Dewitt!)  The staff at Dewitt had no idea what to tell us or where to send us.  So, there we...1st day in Chicago stuck with no place to park!  We eventually found a place on our own (Water Tower Place, 2-3 blocks away, $38/day).   We discussed the inconvenience with Dewitt's management and even asked them to cut us a break and knock a few bucks off our stay to compensate for the additional parking charges and our inconvenience since we believe that this information regarding size limitations should be mentioned upon making reservations (just for the record...we have a car that we would have driven had we known...we took the truck as to not worry about how much stuff we packed and brought with us).  The management at Dewitt said that they could not offer us anything. I am giving 900 Dewitt Place only 3 stars for lack of information and help regarding the parking.  This information should be mentioned when making reservations and alternate lots should be given for anyone that doesn't have an option to drive a smaller vehicle.
