For my Christmas present, my boyfriend booked (through Booking.com) a 2 night stay for us at Dewitt Place for the end of January of 2013 (over 1 month in advance). Early January we decided to push our trip out a little further (to March 2013) due to complications with our work schedules, so he called Dewitt Place and talked with a gentleman at the front desk who moved our dates to the beginning of March and said we were set and good to go. We arrived on our check in date right at 3 pm (check in time) and the front desk informed us that we were listed as "no shows". After confirming with them that they had in fact moved our dates, they informed us that our card had already been charged and they had no rooms available for us. They couldn't refund our card until the GM, Juan, was in on Monday (this was on a Saturday) and for whatever reason he couldn't be reached. They had nothing to offer us, and we had no place to stay. They didn't even offer us a list of places to try, until we went back in to get one. The front desk said that Juan would call us on Monday to sort it out. Despite almost having to cancel our vacation, and then paying over twice as much for a hotel and not having the money Dewitt owed us, Juan never called on Monday. Late Monday afternoon, my boyfriend called the office at Dewitt to talk with Juan and Juan told us we would not be refunded, without a reason as to why. He refused to take responsibility for any slip up and even went as far as blaming it on Booking.com- saying it was our fault for using Booking.com. After having to pull teeth to get Juan's supervisor's name and contact information, we got it. And now, after two days of calling, multiple times, they are "not available". EVERY TIME we call. They will not refund our money. They will not offer us anything for our trouble/having to pay over twice as much for another hotel. And they will not talk with us or call us back. Both my boyfriend and I work in customer service and the complete lack of care and professionalism from Dewitt Place is astounding. We chose Dewitt because of it's sparkling reviews, never would we ever have thought this is how our trip would turn out. Though we can't review the rooms themselves, we would not recommend this place without a very strong warning of being cheated. Yes, it's cheaper and I'm sure the rooms are fine, but now we are in a (completely unplanned) $600 hole because we had to pay $435 for another hotel (one of the cheapest in the city) and Dewitt won't refund our $156 and some odd change bill for a room we never received. BEWARE.
