This is a review that I left for the towing company AAA sent to me this morning. As a AAA member since 1997 (on my parents membership prior to that) it makes me sad to think I've reached the point where I may no longer renew my membership. ------ I called AAA this morning (and last night) to have my car towed from a business parking lot. It stalled out on the way there a couple of  times; then it would not start at all and loss all power. I was told that it be 1-1.5 hours for the All About Automotive tow company to arrive (both last night and this morning) . It ended up being 2 hours. The driver was nice and polite. We spoke for a minute or two then I told him I would meet him at the repair shop and I left. I wanted to stop by the bank so I could give him a tip. A couple of minutes later I received a call from someone else at All About Automotive. He informed me that I needed to turn around because the car started and they refused to tow it! I had no other driver and the car repeatedly stalled and would not restart. I asked what in the world was I to if it broke down again. They didn't care. He then proceeded to tell me I had NEEDED to wait for the driver to do paper work. He then said, and I quote, " I had left the scene". He made it sound like I was some kind of criminal or something. It was in the parking lot of Long Horn Steakhouse.  The driver had got in the tow truck and waited for me to leave and everything. I was very upset by his attitude. What if the car strands me again it is 32 degrees in Chicago this morning. Would I then have to wait 2 more hours by myself with no heat. For them to grace me with the POSSIBILTY of a tow? I also would like to know how in the world a tow truck driver (nice kid) was able to judge/diagnose the  safety of a vehicle by inserting a key in the ignition. There is obviously a problem the car if I'm sitting for hours in a parking lot waiting for a tow truck to tow it to a REPAIR SHOP. By time I made it back to the lot. I was livid. The driver was on the phone with the tow company and I told (yelled) that he needed to TELL his manager that I didn't " leave the scene". So I walked over and turned off the car and the driver sped away before I even shut the door. I am sorry for yelling at the driver. He was only doing what he was told to do. But I just couldn't believe it. I had called AAA as I turned back to the parking lot. They had parroted the same statement. "Its running we WONT tow it". I will be filing a complaint with them as well. We have been a continuous AAA since 1997. I may not even renew with them this year. I actually have roadside and towing through my insurance company. I will NEVER EVER do business with this company. I wonder what would happen if i got in that car and pulled out on Mannheim and it stalled/cut off and it was hit by a semi. I wonder if that would "qualify" as a needed tow??? ------ I plan on following up further with customer service department again. At this point I'm so disappointed and upset that I cant deal with it anymore today.
