Visited Chicago for four days, three nights in mid-July, and found a good deal for this hotel through Travelocity. Stayed in one of the standard king rooms (non-City View, so had a nice view of the parking garage next door, haha).  Room was plenty big for two adults, as Jon D. noted no frills, but everything you need to be comfortable for an extended stay.  Rooms were very clean, which was a great treat - loved the hardwood floors vs. a more traditional but potentially less-clean carpeting.  Wish there was more 'hanging' space, but unless you're doing an extended stay (more than 4-5 days) there's plenty there for you to use. The hotel had a lot of 'quirk' factor, which is great; gave the hotel a lot of character.  Hotel staff (both front-desk and not) were incredibly friendly and helpful, from the moment we checked in to a post-stay call regarding some billing issues.  Saw complaints elsewhere about them, but not sure why, since we found them to be really friendly. Hotel is in a great location, one block from a metro stop, about three blocks from the Magnificent Mile, and in the heart of a lot of restaurants and jazz clubs.  Grant/Millenium park is just a short train ride, or somewhat-short walk, away.  Made for a great home base for our vacation and tourism. Didn't use all of the hotel's amenities, but toured the hotel a bit on our first night and saw the gym (small, but effective), spa (really nice feature for a hotel in the heart of the city, given no pool), and lounges (one of which is temporarily serving a delicious free continental breakfast, soon to be replaced with a unique room service set-up).  Also, huge TVs in the rooms - we didn't make use of ours once, since most of our time was out of the room, but it's there and chock-full of channels for you if you're into that. In short, if you're looking for an affordable, comfortable place to sleep and act as a home base for you while visiting Chicago, ACME Hotel Company is a great place to make your stay.  There are plenty of features for those who want to make use of them, but even if you don't (as we didn't) it's a comfortable place to stay.  By no means 'luxury' but if you're looking for that in the city, there are places with much higher price tags that I'm sure will better suit your tastes.  For the rest, this is a great, affordable, comfortable place to stay on your visit to the city.
