The only redeeming factor of this hotel is it's location and the nice door man.  I am BEYOND disappointed in my stay at Affinia Chicago and I would never recommend this hotel. My incredible boyfriend booked a stay-cation for my birthday this past weekend at Affinia Chicago.  It was my first stay-cation and I was ecstatic.  We stayed Saturday July 3rd through Tuesday July 5th.  Upon arrival were greeted by the friendly door man and made our way to our room on the 14th floor.  The suite was cute but I'd say the comfy bed was the highlight of the room. Here's where the trouble began.   I started to write in detail what made my stay at Affinia Chicago so horrible but I had to stop when the summary turned into a short novel.  Instead, I will list what happened. Sunday July 3rd - My Birthday 1.  No ice machines. Called the front desk for ice, waited an hour before it arrived and by that time we were leaving for the night.   2. The elevators were painfully slow   3. That evening attempted to go to C-View.  The outdoor deck was closed even though it was early on a holiday weekend.  The inside portion of the bar was dark and dingy so we left right away. 4.  My boyfriend had arranged to have rose petals on the bed as part of my bday surprise. We returned to our room and there were no roses to be had.  The kicker?  He had already been charged for it. Monday - July 4th 1.  Before leaving for the day I put my presents, cards and my bday dinner champagne cork (signed by all my friends) proudly on display on the desk.  I returned later that day to find all of my gifts and cards haphazardly shoved into a pile on the corner of the desk by the cleaning staff.  What was even worse was that they threw away my signed champagne cork.  I was so unbelievably crushed.  Oh but the empty Starbucks cup on the coffee table? That was still there. 2.  Our towels were fraying and shedding all over us and our clothing. 3.  That evening we had a few drinks at C-View outside on the roof and the service was horrible. 4.  The Grand Finale: My boyfriend had talked to the front desk about how the flowers he had arranged for the night prior were never delivered despite him being charged.  The front desk promised it would be fixed that night.  The flowers were never delivered. What a truly disappointing experience.  It put a damper on my whole birthday.
