The most awful and pathetic customer service I've ever endured from a car rental outfit.  The car that I got was brand new 2014 model but it wasn't road-ready and here is where they really messed up.  They are RESPONSIBLE that the cars are ready to go for safety on major freeways and basic notions of customer service, although this is a foreign concept to them.  The key in the ignition would start, but once you got to your destination, it would not come out, so the battery eventually went dead since the electrical system never shut down.  I rented the car at O'Hare and drove 4 hours west to SW Wisconsin where family live.  I got there at 1:30 AM and it took 30 minutes to discover that the key was not coming out.  The next day my family tried to fix the key, by removing the small battery and putting in a new working one.  We did that, but that wasn't it.  Get this:  I couldn't lock the door to secure the vehicle because the keys wouldn't come out.  So basically the car was useless to me unless I was out in a very rural area.  Leaving it unlocked in the city was out of the question, since it would be stolen.  We called Alamo's 800 number for some assistance to have somebody come and provide another vehicle, since this one was defective.  No one would consent to that.  So the following days, the battery went dead.  I had to jump it 3 times before I could get it replaced and finally took it back on Day 3.  I called the nearest Alamo rental office and they said they didn't have any available cars to loan out (unless I drove 80 miles 1-way to swap the car at a major airport).  The ultimatum was "You will do it, of course!"  Know this:  if you have a defective car, nobody is going to come to you to replace it.  You have to drive it there to the nearest airport and swap it yourself.  Paying the gas yourself not to mention your wasted time on vacation.  Once there, in Madison Wis., I was swapped out another car.  But guess what?  This one was defective too.  Of 4 windows, only one of them would go down (this on a 95 degree day).  Alamo's lower rates come at a cost of reliability and quality so just be aware of it up front.  So I had to go back into the Alamo rental desk and ask for a replacement, replacement car.  Obviously their customer service is lacking and they take no ownership of their problems.  I never did find out the real defect with the original car from O'Hare, and that too was part of the whole run-around.  The 3rd one I got actually managed to work, so 1 for 3 success rate.  Once home from vacation, it was chargeback time at the credit card company.  I told them I wasn't paying for the trip - at all.  Long story short, they refunded $150 of the $400 charge.  I was livid!  I still am steaming from this rip-off and just the gall of companies to behave like this to their customers.  As you know for us consumer's this is how we are routinely treated.  Before it's all over, they'll pay way more than the original credit card bill -- I will see to that.  Caveat emptor.  HOLD THEM ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR OUTLADISH CUSTOMER SERVICE, AND CARS THAT ARE UNRELIABLE.  BTW, most of these "glowing testimonials" are phony write-ups by people who are Alamo employees.
