To say the least,  I am both disappointed in the company and how our situation was handled and the location where we stayed. First off let me explain the situation and how it was handled: Myself and another business owner were booked for 1928 N. Lincoln Avenue the week of September 9th through September 12th. The day we departed for this location we made several attempts during the day and on the way to Chicago to contact Barbara Pelty (the person of contact or "host") AND the owner for the key and/or code to get into the location upon our arrival. No such luck. We arrived in Chicago around 9:30PM and still no answer to BOTH numbers that were given to us. We were even given an emergency phone number that I called at least 20 times in a four hour period. All times the phone calls went straight to voicemail. During this time as well, the other person I was driving with was making frantic phone calls to other hotels in the area with no luck. After 1.5 hrs of sitting in front of our charged and rented location at 1928 Lincoln Avenue, we came to the conclusion that we might be staying in our car for the evening (Mind you both of us are pregnant-8 months). Finally we found 1 room available at the Westin all the way on the other side of the city. The following morning, on our way to our destination (which took 1.h hrs when it should have only taken 15 minutes if we had stayed in the  original location), we sent a 3rd email with our concerns in hopes to get a response and the key for 1928 Lincoln Avenue being everywhere was booked for the next week into the weekend. I would have gone elsewhere but we had no choice but to try for the original location. We finally received contact! It reads as follows: "We are terribly sorry about this mix up! The owner, Barbara, who normally handles check in is in rehab recovering from surgery.  Barbara has been a host for nearly 10 years and has never had issues with check ins. She's a fabulous host and extremely conscientious and will feel so bad about this. Our emergency phone was misplaced yesterday and we should have erased the number from our voicemail!  Your contract explicitly states however to contact the host 1 week prior to check in. Did you do that? We just feel so bad that we missed you, but are in the office 6 days a week and wish you had called our office sometime over the past week. Did you try us during the day yesterday? We were in the office until 6pm.  We will refund you for last night and add an additional $50 to help cover transportation costs. Again, we are so sorry!!!" Please let us know that you get in ok today and like the unit. You can email us or call us at 312.640.1050. Best regards, Elizabeth In the email, Elizabeth states that we should have contacted them 1 week prior to arriving. We booked this location 3 DAYS before we were scheduled to arrive. Second, that "contact email" was for parking arrangements only and did not stated for anything else. Third, the day we departed we started the phone calls at noon our time (11 am Chicago) and spoke to no one but a voicemail which we left several. If you own a business and missed placed your emergency contact phone wouldn't you check periodically the voicemail to it? Lastly, we were both confused on the mention of "deleting" their voicemail for the emergency line? Needless to say we received the code for the location with the first night stay taken off and the cleaning fee of $70 waived as well which I believe is the bottom of the barrel especially with a responding email as stated above. The location itself was just as awful. When we finally arrived at 1928 Lincoln Avenue we had to figure out whether our location was the upstairs or the downstairs apartment. Since we saw no evidence of the upstairs having a place for a "code" to get in we went downstairs. After looking for a few minutes we finally saw an actual lock box that was 6 feet in the air attached to a fence a few feet from the door. Upon entering the location, the smell of 2 week old garbage and mold engulfed us. We quickly tried to find the source but to no avail. The air conditioning was blasting and we tried to find the control for that but with no luck either. We looked EVERYWHERE! Finally at the end of the night we turned down the bed and to our dismay there was a huge stain on the sheets and spiders and spider webs in the corner by the bed. Finally after changing the sheets and settling in we were woken up at 6am from the people above us with heavy stomping of feet. This happened every morning from 4am to 6am. Unfortunately, myself nor my traveling partner will not be using this company nor this location for further trips to Chicago, which we go often.
