This was our 4th segway tour we've been on. Two in San Francisco, one in Washington DC, and now we decided to do one in Chicago to continue the tradition. We've actually used Bike and Roll before. I honestly don't remember which tour (DC i believe?) but since all previous tours were fantastic, it didn't really matter. Things started to go wrong the minute we showed up to the tour office we were directed to go to. There was two of us, and we were told to be at the Wabash office at 6pm. We got there right on time and there was no one else there. The gentleman working the office said our tour guide should be here any minute now, etc. etc. About 15 minutes later, STILL no tour guide. The guy working had been on the phone trying to get a hold of someone at his company to let him know what was going on. Finally he came out to break the news to us that the company decided to just put us on the 7pm tour. Without letting anyone, especially US, know. So we had to walk to the Randolph St. location. We got there around 6:30 and found no one there. While my mom went to find a restroom, the tour guide finally appeared and informed me that we were supposed to be there at 6 and we could have had a small extra tour, then meet up with the 7pm group and go on the regular tour. Well, by the time we got all situated (thankfully not having to waste any time on training) we had about 20 minutes to have an "extra" tour. My largest complaint is that this tour company did not have the headsets so everyone could hear the tour guide. Even on our mini tour with just three of us, i was having a very hard time hearing. Every other city we've done segways in has given us headphones so we can hear the guide. While we're in route to the next sight, the tour guides give awesome info on the city. This tour was VERY disappointing in that respect because we just had to ride in silence and struggle to hear when we stopped at various spots. You could also tell he was chit chatting with the persons in the front of the group, and i couldn't help but feel like they were getting a better experience because i'm sure they were being told extra info. The other horrible part was when we finally met up with the 7 pm group, it was a VERY large group. There were about 15 people and it took about 45 minutes to train them. Not only did we have to deal with this company moving our tour time and not telling us, we had to sit and wait while all of these people were trained and it took way longer than it should have. All in all, i don't think we'll be using Bike and Roll ever again. The only reason why i gave this two stars was because the gentleman working at the Wabash location and our tour guide were friendly and very apologetic over the whole situation. It's not their fault the company they work for sucks i guess??! I would recommend doing a different tour. Segways are REALLY fun, but stay away from Bike and Roll.
