We don't complain. We just don't do business again, or we keep quiet. We need people to post online, all the problems....... People who complain, are helping others with much needed information. TRUTH is essential in acquiring ALL the facts. I am the 4th person to complain within a very short time.......... Better Business Bureau lists October, November, December, and now January... And... those complaints are just what we know about. How many others were there, or should there have been? Caravan Tours, Inc.... is MISMANAGED, rude, non caring, ruthless, unfair. Though they have already accepted your money... they feel entitled to cancel you, and you are out all the plane fares and other expenses. How can this even be legal? I suggest that anyone and everyone, with the slightest little complaint or problem, should post online. As people have stated... mostly older persons travel on such tours... and, are either not sufficiently proficient with modern Internet, or, are too polite to say anything negative... So.. problems exist, but, remain unreported. Customer is always right. When customers have problems, complaints, questions, a good company will attempt to resolve any and all issues to satisfaction... and, not just hang up on them... as this can only escalate the problems...... and, lead to nonsensical insanity, hurt feelings, and costly losses, rather than joy. Caravan Tours, Inc........ has forgotten the Golden Rule. Positive, elaborate comments... tend to usually be from the Companies........ and, intended as an advertisement... pretending to be from satisfied clients... Negative comments, such as Better Business Bureau Complaints are not written with all the specific details  for us to read... So, we are kept in the dark, rather than informed. All we know for sure, is that, problems have happened repeatedly , monthly, and, keep happening continually, and obviously, from my complaint, the Company keeps erring as if customers are inconsequential. We only know of the few posted complaints, and not ALL the problems...
