We just returned from our trip to Costa Rica with Caravan - wow - amazing!!!  We went with our two children (13 and 14) and have to be honest - we were bummed when we realized they were the only kids on the trip.  Out of over 65 people (two busses) - the only kids.  But after the first night -we never thought of it again.  All the people on the trip were great and we did so much stuff that it really did not matter.  Caravan has us busy the whole time. I agree 100% with other reviews I had read before we left... for the price of this tour - there is no way you can pass it up. It includes EVERYTHING and if you were to try to pay for it on your own it would probably cost you double!  Highly recommend this tour.  It was educational for us and our kids, interesting, exciting (we were up close with monkeys, birds, lizards, etc....) Suggestions if you are traveling with kids: 1) There are a couple hours bus rides throughout the day and though they do a great job adding in stops so you can get off the bus and stretch your legs... make sure you take along snacks, books, video games, etc.... things that will keep them entertained.  Our tour director did tell us a lot about Costa Rica along the way which kept the kids entertained too. 2) Venture out to dinner at least once.  There are a ton of buffets on this tour and though the kids did not mind it - I started to get a little tired of buffets - I wanted to be served at some point so day number 5 we went off on our own at the hotel and ate at a separate restaurant from the group.  My husband did not even mind because we barely had spent a dime the entire week. 3) At the attractions - do the hardest options they have.  For example, at the hanging bridges, there are three options - a 1.5 hour hike, a 45 min hike and a 15 min hike.  If your kids are old enough - always go for the longest/hardest option.  Most of Caravan's assessment of how hard the hikes are are based on senior citizens, which is fine but for families with kids  - you can definitely handle the hardest ones. Overall - this was one of our top 5 trips ever.  Every one of us loved the entire week.  If your kids are old enough - I suggest getting the two room option.  It was nice to have our own bathrooms and two separate rooms to relax in.  Costa Rica is a very safe country and Caravan only puts you up in the safest areas and hotels.
