Look, touring with Caravan is a great idea if you're looking to take the hassle out of all of the planning and logistics of traveling (hotel booking, transportation, reservations for restaurants, tickets for events, etc...) but I have to say, there seems to be things that are far too touristy on these trips. I've taken two Caravan trips so I have yet to get the full experience of touring with them. With that being said my personal experience with this makes me feel obligated to warn anyone who is a youth like me (Age 27): EXPECT YOUR FELLOW TOUR GUESTS TO BE ON THE OLDER SIDE. On both trips the average age of a traveler was about 65, and they were almost all couples. There's nothing wrong with that, I just feel like I connect better with people my age. Perhaps Caravan could put together something that would cater to people in their 20s and 30s (night life bars and clubs, as well as hands on active fun that maybe older people can't handle like white water rafting and mountain hiking). I had nothing really to talk to them about so I tried to focus heavily on absorbing the beautiful scenery and historical relevance. I'll start with where I was pretty disappointed: California Coast and Yosemite- We spent more time stopping at gift shops and places to spend spend spend then we did learning new things and seeing anything historically relevant. I understand that some people like souvenirs but come on, we all had plenty of time to do that on our own in the evening. We took a boat ride along the San Francisco Bay area and sailed PAST Alcatraz. We didn't actually get to go there, we just sailed past it. Ridiculous. We also stopped at a lot of place that sold food, which I think could have been skipped because 1: the more you buy the harder it is to pack, and some things can't go on a plane (Like liquid or larger jars of jelly, soap and similar things) and 2: It can go bad. Some hotels don't have fridges so that's something to keep in mind if you're considering buying perishable food. The meals included were breakfasts at fancy hotels. Now I don't know if those would have been included if we were just staying there and not using Caravan, but some were good some weren't. As someone who is health conscious, I felt like it was hard to eat healthy and stay in shape with so much greasy food and few opportunities to exercise, but that's just me. I think they could have included a few more meals as well considering that we really couldn't do much grocery shopping and cooking, and had to spend so much eating out (food gets especially pricey at places like Yosemite and other national parks). Sight seeing was nice and we got to go to the very first Saloon in California (though they didn't give us much time to spend there), so that was pretty cool. Yosemite was a huge disappointment because we felt so rushed and didn't get to see more. I had this same problem at one of the museums we visited during the Yellowstone trip. The Hollywood stuff is something not really up my ally but if you like movies and actors, you will enjoy standing on the stage where the actors accept academy awards and seeing the real live set of jeopardy at Sony Pictures Studios. Overall, I would say that the California trip is pretty skipable. I have a high opinion of Caravan, but this tour seems to be their weakest. Again this is the opinion of a young 27 year old who likes history and hands on activities so research it thoroughly to decide for yourself. Yellowstone- I have fond memories of this trip. If you're from the east coast or midwest and you don't get out much, you're going to be blown away by some new things (especially if you like histoy). It's got everything from beautiful mountains of Montana, to the sight seeing of wild buffalo and bison, as well as lots of green space and spacious sight seeing in general and on a particularly grand scale. Standing in the area where Custer and his men fell was a blast and hearing the Native American tell the story was absolutely captivating. You also get to stop at Jacksonhole in Wyoming I believe, which is a cool little place to spend an evening. The hotels are a mix. Some are a bit more rustic than others, but if you think about it, who wants to spend so much time in their hotel when they can see Old Faithful or some of the other sights available. I will warn people considering this trip that the Old Faithful Inn has some of the worst and most overpriced food I've ever eaten on a vacation. If you can, opt for their little food court or get something on the way before you arrive to eat because their restaurants are a real rip off. You do a lot of driving on this trip but they show movies (the one about Wild Bill Hickok was especially cool) to keep you entertained. Overall, it's going to take a pretty darn good Caravan tour elsewhere to top this experience, so if you are more into historical relevance and nature than you are spending money and doing touristy stuff, opt for this one.
