I have used this service quite often in the past and have never had a problem.  However, I have learned that even when there is a problem they will work with you to resolve it to your satisfaction. The driver arrived on time and was very friendly and appeared quite competent.  I gave him $100 to encourage him to take care of my 5 girls that were riding to Chicago from Michigan and back.  To my dismay, I received a frantic phone call from my daughter and her friends that the limo broke down around 95th and I-94. This is a very bad part of town and they were frightened to death.  To make matters worse the driver seemed to have absolutely no sense of urgency about the situation.  When I called dispatch the first time, he said he would have another car there as soon as possible. That was unsatisfactory. By some miracle, apparently a roadside emergency vehicle appeared and got the limo moving again.  However it was still a "soon to be disabled" vehicle.  Why the driver took this route is beyond me.  It added 20-30 minutes to the drive and took them through Englewood. The I-90 toll way is faster and safer. They were more than 30 minutes late to their destination for appointments that were very difficult to move around on a busy Saturday. I called dispatch and requested a new limo and driver to take them home when they were done at their appointments and requested a call from the new driver as soon as he had someone.  I had to call back 3 more times over the next 2 hours to make the same request before I finally got a call from the new driver.  Once I reached that driver, I instructed him on the proper route to take.  I am more than thankful that they were able to switch out the car for us and the return trip was as it should have been in the first place. I have been a huge fan and continue to be after this experience.  The experience we encountered was unfortunate and at the time was more than frustrating.  However, they troubleshooted the problem, provided a solution to my satisfaction and made my daughter experience in the end great.  I would recommend them with no hesitation.
