Best Walking Tour Ever! Three weeks ago, on a cold, sunny Chicago morning, I spent about 2-hours walking through Downtown Chicago on the "Historic Downtown (south): Rise of the Skyscraper" tour. I have previously taken the Chicago boat tour however, this walking tour allowed me to get close to the buildings and visit the interiors. Being a New Yorker, I'm bias for NYC skyscrapers and was pleasantly surprised by the depth of Chicago's architectural history. The group was small (7 people) and we were given headsets to amplify the docent guiding the tour. As in all tours, the tour is only as good as the tour guide. Our volunteer docent, Mike was very knowledgeable and enthusiastic. Since it is volunteer work, you can truly feel his dedication, desire to teach and educate the tour group. We started the tour with a brief history of Chicago including the great Chicago fire which was extremely beneficial in understanding the financial need to build vertical office space in a limited area surrounded by a river, a lake, a railroad yard and marsh land. The tour guide's theme was "design following function" so throughout the tour the commerce aspects of building skyscrapers played into the forefront of architectural design. The tour was peppered with historical facts such as the height progression of the first skyscrapers, the use of terra cotta instead of iron (fire-resistant), the cultural fear of elevators (and how Otis proved safety personally),the solid windowless load-bearing masonry structures versus large windowed, steel, skeletal structures and so much more... We visited at least 15 building and entered the interiors of at least 6 building. My favorite exterior and interior was the Marquette Building including the awesome Tiffany mosaic depicting the history of Chicago in the lobby. Remarkably, there was such a very strong attraction to the solid, masonry feel of the Monadnock building The docent provided a deep understanding of the architectural need to balance the financial   requirements of the investors (renting office space) versus the architect's  desires to push the boundaries of art, letting in light, retaining maximum  heat and conforming to the cultural needs and fears of the people in each  of the generations over the century. The abundance of art deco, the  Greco-Roman bank designs to project financial stability in depression  times and the Moorish castle style of the Rookery were explained in great  detail. Being a person, who also likes to know how things work; the  docent explained the different type of foundations, building materials and  costs, window designs, construction materials, and building heights. I  never knew that the openness of Chicago streets was the result of the  city ordinances requiring designated space between buildings so Chicago.  did not become like New York City's dark, cavern-like streets. I  now have a much better appreciation of the works of Holabird and  Roche, Adler and Sullivan, Burnham and Root and Louis Sullivan's  apprentice, Frank Lloyd Wright. There is so much more to say about what I learned in only 1-1/2 hours. Most importantly, I now understand the exquisite balance of "design following function" in the building of the great city of Chicago by amazingly innovative and practical architects. I highly recommend this walking tour for anyone who appreciates architectural history, beautiful building, personalized education and amazing storytelling. The next time I'm in Chicago, I plan to take the CAF Modern Skyscraper Walking Tour and hope I am fortunate enough to have the same volunteer docent. Awesome time!
