I stayed (dorm type) in CGH for 10 days and it was awesome. The staff are always ready to help and knowledgeable of local stuff.The bed is comfortable and if you need extra pillow or blanket they're ready to provide them upon request.Common areas are sometimes crowded at night time which is great to meet other guests and is quiet at day time when most of the guests are out in the City.I saw a couple of cockroaches in the room on my first night. Guest should not bring food in the room to avoid attracting crawlers.The location of the Hostel is safe and accessible to public transportation. Great restaurants and points of interest in the area.A few tips:- Bring a flashlight. This is helpful when you're in a dorm and come in late at night and the rest of the guests in the dorm is asleep. It's annoying when one person comes in late at night and turn on the room lights waking the others dorm guests.- Don't slam the doors. It's rude! Hold the door close when getting in and out of the room or bathroom or lockers.- When other guests party in the dining area, you might not have a place to sit down and have a quiet meal. Either join the party or dine out or grab a quick bite in the pantry.- The internet terminals gets busy most of the time so if you have your own laptop/netbook, bring them, WiFi is available in common areas. Printing is free but PLEASE think of the environment before printing anything.- If you want your bed turned down, DO NOT place any personal effects on the bed. The staff doesn't touch the bed with personal effects on it.- Common bathrooms have hair dryers, so no need to bring one. Towels are provided. Toiletries are not.- This is NOT your parent's place so clean after yourself in the pantry.- The Hostel has a laundry room with soap dispenser and coin change machine so you don't have to bring dirty laundry on your next destination.- Breakfast is served 7am-9:30am and it gets really busy. Bagels, spread, cereal, orange, banana, coffee, tea.- A chiller and freezer is provided. Make sure you put your NAME, ROOM NUMBER and CHECK OUT DATE on your food bin. You miss one of those information and your food gets thrown out.- The Hostel has a full kitchen. Great if you want to cook your own food but it gets really busy when most guests cooks at the same time. Do your cooking earlier.- Locker is provided, padlock is not, bring your own padlock or you can purchase one at the Desk Make use of them to store your valuables.Overall, I like the place and would definitely return and recommend it to friends.
