We were in a real jam to get our passports renewed before we left on our mission trip....although it says that an appointment is required, I would guess that 80% of the people there did NOT have appointments (and neither did we).  We entered the building at 7:15 am and a line of 8 people had already formed....as our wait to get through security continued, the line grew to about 100 people.  We went through security at 8:15 am and up to the 18th floor.   You CAN have electronic devices, but they cannot make any sounds and you are not allowed to talk on your phone, but texting was allowed.  We entered another room and formed another line, they did NOT separate the people with and without appointments, and one receptionist looked at our paperwork and gave us a number.  At 9 am several other windows opened and our number was called within the first 5 minutes.  We explained to him that even though our travel date was not for another five days, that this was the only day that we could get our passports.  We paid by credit card and were told to come back at 1pm.  After walking around downtown Chicago, eating lunch, and shopping at some nice stores, we headed back upstairs around 12:45.  There we were handed another number, and our passports were handed to us at 1:05.   It was an extremely smooth process, but you HAVE to have all of the correct stuff filled out.  Get there early if you are wanting your passport on the same day.  Do NOT sign the initial paperwork until you are told to do so.  Make sure there is no glare on your passport photos.  Make sure you have proof of travel as to where you are going.  Have a copy of your drivers license ready....have both sides of the license copied on one side of paper.  Our old passport books were given back to us with our new ones.   We parked in the parking garage across the street on Federal St....it cost $31....there were other parking lots, but this one was the closest.  We walked from the federal building to Michigan Ave for shopping and eating.  It was maybe a 10 minute walk at most.  Downtown Chicago is very nice and safe.  There are a lot of neat stores and good restaurants.
