This company is truly a JOKE!!!  I helped my friend set up his carriage ride from a restaurant to a hotel for the night of his engagement.  I gave Stacey my credit card and all the info the night before.  The night of the carriage ride, no carriage showed up.  They had to take a cab.  No one answers the phone after business hours.  I didn't receive a call back until the next day after I left multiple nasty messages.   Then Stacey tells me that our credit card got denied and that caused the problem.  I'm sorry but my card did not get declined.  Trust me.  Then she says they tried to call us and let us know so they could get a new card number but when they called back they must have called the wrong number.  Total BS. If your going to deal with such an important thing, make your self available during the hours your business is operating.  Call forwarding comes with all phone packages or maybe give people a cell phone number to reach you.  Totally ridiculous that no one could be reached. Also someone needs to send Stacey to customer service school because her attitude is unacceptable.  She did a good job at trying to make me feel like it was my fault that the carriage didn't show up. In return for screwing up one of the biggest nights of my friends life, she offered a free carriage ride the next day.  When I asked if they could maybe put flowers in the carriage with them I was told NO, what they are doing for him is already enough  and they already got there flower delivery for the day and that was obviously not in it.  I said maybe the driver can just stop some where and get some since the ride was not until 5 hours later but that still was not an option.  The free carriage ride is a $120.00 value they said and this is already coming out of there pocket. LOL. What jokesters!   Lastly, I get a call from Larry the owner.  Stacey wanted me to talk to him since I wasn't happy with her responses.  Larry tries to reason with me and explains it to me like this.  "Don't you think we would have rather taken you $240.00 and made money on the ride rather then send a carriage out for free and not make any money. I am business man, I need to make money"   I hope more people start reading these reviews and avoid this company.  The only nice thing I can say about them is they have excellent carriage drivers.  That's all.  Customer service gets a ZERO!
