This hotel is horrible. I stayed here on August 30th. I booked the room back in May. I was given the "best available rate" of $209 for 1 room with 4 people. We got to the hotel the afternoon of August 30th after driving 8 hours, all we wanted to do was relax a little bit before we headed out to the concert. The room we were given was disgusting! There were dead smashed bugs on the ceiling and lamp shades,  the fridge was sticky and gross, the bathroom sink was full of hair that looked like someone had just shaved in it, and finally there was not enough room for 4 people to sleep in the room. There was a queen size bed and a twin size pull out couch. We were able to move to a new room which had enough room for all of us. When we went to check out on the morning of August 31st I was told that the total for the room was $459 and was booked for only 3 people. I told them that was wrong that I booked the room for $209 and for 4 people. The lady working the desk, Devin was very bitchy and didnt care one bit what I had to say at all. She called reservations and asked them to send a copy of the confirmation and when it came through she slapped down on the desk and said "It is $459". I asked to speak to a manger but no manager was ever called. I was forced to pay the $459 even after my husband sent a copy of my confirmation e-mail stating the room was booked for $209. They refused to work with me on getting the issue solved. We had to contact reservations after we got home in order to get the issue resolved and the money refunded. There is NO way I will ever stay at this hotel again or recommend this hotel to anyone. Obviously someone changed the rate of our room from $209 to $459 and the number of people from 4 to 3. I wonder how many other people they did this too? The hotel was fully booked with people going to the same concert we went to, so I am sure we werent the only guests that had a problem with the hotel.. This is FAR from a 4 star hotel. Dirty rooms, rude staff, small lobby, 4 elevators which only stop at certain floors which makes the wait for a elevator really long, no type of breakfast is offered only bottled water and they will book your room at one price but then turn around and charge you a lot more. The only good thing about this hotel was the Valet Parking staff, they were all very nice!
