To be fair, I have to begin by saying there was a major renovation project going on during our stay. I understand repairs and updating must take place, but it was a let down. I'm sure what all will be changed, but if I ever get tempted to stay again (probably never), I'll definitely tour the place pre-reservation. The layout of the hotel is just, well, odd. There is a 12 floor "tower," then a three floor square building that surrounds the outdoor pool (there are two pools, apparently) and sun deck. Regardless, it seems you're going to have quite the hike to your room as the lobby seems to be located among the ballroom section of the hotel, and not near to any of the rooms. We (my husband, daughter and I) were in the very end of one of the wings, and carrying two, very large, heavy bags, overnight bags and a toddler. It was quite much. While, again, I understand renovations, as we hiked to our room, we went through nicely updated, fresh and clean wings into a dark, dingy late 80s-early 90s wing. It was just disappointing to know that we paid just as much as those with new rooms, but ours had a TV with a broken power button, stained carpet and a mini fridge that looked like it had been kicked down a flight of stairs and had a broken door. (No exaggeration there whatsoever. It's was really beat to hell.) The bed. The BED. It's just...bad. There is nothing firm about it at all. The pre-order breakfast menu states Continental Breakfast ($13) is "[a] basked of assorted pastries served with" [your choice of juice and coffee/tea]. A "basket" sounded like enough for my toddler daughter and I to share, but I, thankfully, waited until morning to order. When I called for room service, I discovered you actually choose FROM a basket of pastries (muffin, toast (since when is toast a pastry?!) or a danish). HOWEVER - though expensive (as most room service), both breakfast and lunch were absolutely delicious with generous portions (dinner plate-sized harvest salad ($10) and heaping dinner plate of sweet potato fries ($5)) $12.95/day for Internet, which I discovered, in my non-updated room, is wired. - Annoying. $24 for parking. ,And, lastly, to add insult to injury, we had promised our daughter a swim in the indoor pool (the high 60s of late September aren't warm enough to swim outside though the pool was still open) that was proudly highlighted on the website. Upon arrival we found out it was closed because of - you guessed it - renovations.
