I typically don't write reviews, but I feel compelled to write one after my great experience with the Chicago Passport Agency. I was a little unsure of how the whole process would work, so here is a timeline of how things went for me: Sunday, 2:00 p.m: My husband walks into the kitchen and says, "I don't think we're going to Mexico next Saturday after all." He had just discovered that my passport, safely locked away in our safe, had expired. In my stupidity, I had forgotten that one now needs a passport to travel to Mexico (even though this has been the case for several years now). Sunday, 2:02 p.m: My amazing husband calls 1-877-487-2778, and we make me an appointment with the Chicago Passport Agency...for THURSDAY at 1:00. We were surprised that this was the earliest available appointment in the week, but we took it. Monday, 9:00 a.m: I scoured the Internet to find a way that I might call the Chicago agency to ask if any earlier appointments were available. In the end, I called the 800-number again and spoke with someone who told me that there is no way to contact them directly. Oh well...I guessed I'd just wait until Thursday. Monday, 10:00 a.m: I compiled everything I would need for renewing my passport - my expired passport as evidence of citizenship, my driver's license, 2 ugly passport photos (can be taken at Walgreens), proof of travel within 14 days (airline reservations - MUST be a hard copy - they won't let you show them on your phone), and of course, payment (they take all major credit cards. I also packed my marriage certificate, as I needed to change my passport to my married name. I also printed and completed Form DS-82, which would save me some time once I arrived at the agency. I put all of these items, along with my appointment confirmation number (they WILL ask for it), in a securely-closing folder. From Monday, 11:00 a.m. to Wednesday, 10:00 p.m: Booked train ticket to Chicago (we live 5 hours away in St. Louis; Chicago was by far the closest agency), obsessively checked and re-checked all of my documents, and debated whether I should to try ascertain whether any of my Facebook friends had ever had this same experience (and decided against it; why would I want all of my friends and acquaintances to know for sure that I'm the kind of person who lets her passport expire?!) Thursday: 3:30 a.m: Woke up to leave for the train station 10:00 a.m: Arrived in Chicago's Union Station 10:20 a.m: Arrived at 230 S. Dearborn (0.6 mi. from Union Station and and an easy 15-min. walk) 10:30 a.m: I was through security and on my way to the 18th floor. 10:31 a.m: I explained to the guard that my appointment was at 1:00 but that I was traveling back to St. Louis that same afternoon. He told me to go ahead and get in line. (Note: You should make an appointment, but it seems the time doesn't really matter.) 10:50 a.m: I turned in all of my documentation and was given a number. 11:10 a.m: My number was called by an agent at one of the eight windows (they are well-staffed here!). The agent reviewed all of my documents, and I paid my $170. He was pleasant and efficient and gave me a receipt to bring back at 3:00 that afternoon in order to receive my new passport. 11:15-2:30: It turned out that the art museum is just down the street from the agency (less than a 15 min. walk), so I spent a lovely time there and grabbed some lunch, too. 3:00 p.m: I returned to the agency and picked up my brand new passport. (Note: They don't always hand them out at the exact pick-up time; however, they close at 4:00, so they'd have to be done by then.) 3:30 p.m: I walked out the door with plenty of time to make it to my train. 10:00 p.m: Arrived back in St. Louis! I hope this is helpful to someone. Yes, there was some waiting involved and it was a VERY long day, but in the end I had my passport, same-day. The Chicago Passport Agency seriously saved my vacation!
