Wow. All I can say was that this was incredible. I went into this with interest but still with the idea of like "they'll probably mess with us, exaggerate sounds and say they see stuff when they don't, just basically gas up the whole GHOST idea, etc" But it was actually a lot different than I thought. I never really knew if I believed in ghosts or not, I just knew they creeped me out. When we got there, the tour guide Allison was really friendly, approachable, and had a really bright and adventurous attitude. We went through some of this history and she showed us how to use the equipment so we were pretty well prepared for when we actually started the investigation. I saw the BYOG (bring your own ghost) thing and was a little skeptical about this and thought it seemed kind of cheesy UNTIL I volunteered to try out the divination rods first... I don't even know how to explain my experience next. I had a friend who was murdered 6 years ago. I didn't tell the guide anything about this at all and its not on google.. I communicated with her and just amazing... I am lost for words to explain how this changed my whole outlook on spirits and "the other side" and all that. Using the divination rods she answered yes and no questions and it was crazy because everything she answered was correct.. No one else in the room knew any of the answers so I know it was real. The moment the guide asked her, "If you would like to let Kelah(me) know that you are OK and glad to speak to her, please uncross the rods." And in that moment, they completely uncrossed and wrapped around to each rod touching my shoulders. Instantly, I felt a rush of emotion and just started bawling. Needless to say, I'm not a crier. I don't show emotions too often, Especially in front of people, but it was powerful. It wasn't sadness... but the most invigorating sensation of complete peace. It gave me a lot of closure really to be able to speak to her one last time. So, we started the ghost investigation and it was utterly phenomenal. We spoke to several spirits and learned a lot of things and it wasn't even creepy or scary like you'd think. I'm scared of the dark usually, but the atmosphere was so humbling. There was a point near the end of the investigation where we all felt a little sadness when we asked a spirit if he wanted to be here, he said no. We then asked if he would rather be in heaven and if he thought he could get there. He said that yes he wanted to be there but no that he could not go. That was the point to feel kind of bad for them. These are real spirits. They were real humans. I'm in awe of this experience and have no been inspired to continue finding experiences like we did here at the Chicago Ghost Investigations. I really loved it, it opened my eyes to the world. I can't believe this affected me so much, but it really did. I'll definitely be doing this again and bringing my dad back next time. We got a lot of cool pictures and evidence of life beyond life. (sounds wierd haha) Thank You Chicago Ghost Investigations!! I can really say this changed my life! P.S I copied this to both of your Yelp pages because I didn't know which one was real. Also I don't know if you want this info but here: I'm Kelah  and I came Wednesday, May 15th 2014
