Originally, I tried to handle getting my passport thru the mail. I sent in what I thought were all of the necessary documents about 6 weeks before my departure date this Wednesday, April 4th.  But as  you would guess the agency had a problem with my name change order (which was over 20 years ago!!).  The courthouse in Milwaukee is as slow as molasses and made me wait 3days  to get the actual certified name change court order. I had done a lot of communication on the phone with the passport agency and was under the impression - no appointment, you don't get seen.  But here it is the Friday before I leave and I just have received the final document I need.  Based on the reviews on this site I decided to change it and drive to Chicago to the agency and talk my way in.  Since I mailed all of my information in 5 weeks ago (without paying the expedite fee), I was worried I was taking a big chance they would pull the file and process it for me. I arrived at Chicago Passport agency about 12:45. The security does make you turn your phone off first thing off the elevator. There is an initial queue line that was being serviced by two windows, that checks your information over and then gives you a number to go to the main queue and have your information processed. I only had to wait in the initial queue line about 10min.  I showed them the letter I received from the agency and said I have the document this letter is requesting with me. They never asked me if I had an appointment and never asked me to pay the rush fee!!! I was moved into the main que, someone went in the back and grabbed my application info and called me up after about a 30 min wait. By 1:50pm I was done and by 3:15 pm  I had my passport and was on my way back to Milwaukee.   I am not a fan of Government agencies; however, 3  1/2 hrs to walk in and walk out with a passport, without having an appointment - is about as good as it gets. One caveat, it did seem like a lot of people were waiting at the passport pickup time who had been seen earlier before me; so maybe me mailing mine application in sped up he process for me.  Nonetheless, Paris here I come!
