I fly out of Midway dozens of times a year--it's my home airport and I've never once experienced a problem. Even if you run into a huge line at security and you're certain you'll be backed up for an hour, you get through in ten minutes, so don't panic. The employees at Midway get the job done. They are Chicagoans and don't mess around. They are generally civil and know how to people move without being rude and demeaning. That is perhaps the most important function of any airport. Parking is simple, both airport owned and private--choices galore. Shuttle bus service is speedy and plentiful. You rarely wait more than five minutes. Midway's CTA blue line is a long walk (yet covered and secured) through a narrow tunnel that takes you past the parking garage. Part of it is domed and you can even catch an amazing view of the skyline if you look for it. The walkway is heated in winter. Fast walkers can usually make it from the end of the A Concourse to the station in 15 minutes. (HINT: an inexpensive, private long-term parking facility is directly across from the CTA station.) Concessions are plentiful, although maybe not as nice as some of the other larger airports. But you will not find a lack in options. Plenty of comfy seats with plugs and wifi. Overall a very convenient and business friendly airport. Perhaps the BEST feature of Midway is that, unlike it's big ugly cousin up north O'Hare, it does not close for snow or inclement weather. I have landed at Midway in snow. O'Hare shuts down for rain. While flights are delayed, cancelled and backed up for hours at O'Hare, Midway shuffles along without the hectic panic. The only downside to Midway for those who are from out of town is the location--it's in a seedy part of the city, right smack dab in the middle of housing projects and junk yards. It's not the worst neighborhood in the city, and the area loves the airport, so there are few muggings if you find yourself needing to stay overnight at one of the crummy motels or stop at a fast-food joint, but just don't go asking for it.
