I was in town for business this past week. It was a horrible trip from jump. HOWEVER, the employees here at the Holiday Inn Merchandise Mart were AMAZING. One in particular, who was fairly new, went ABOVE & BEYOND to help me out. Russell was THE BEST!  Not only did he help me find a cab when I needed one, he WALKED ME TO IT! He also made sure to tell the driver to "take care of my friend". He made the driver "guesstimate" the rate, and even went as far as telling me if he charged me more, to let him know and HE personally would take care of the difference! When I returned to my room that night, Russell had left a message for me, checking to make sure I was ok! Couple of nights later, some friends and I were looking for a cool place for dinner. Again, Russell to the Rescue! He suggested a place called the Purple Pig. He again went above & beyond, saying that if the wait was too long, he would call in a favor. And he did! The wait was an hour & a half! After Russell's call, we waited about 20 mins! There was a front desk clerk who made my stay a little more bearable as well.....her name was Yvonne. Super sweet lady. Took the time to help me....even listening to my rant while she was checking on  a room for me. She did all this with a smile. Robert, who is another concierge, was also WONDERFUL. He called Delta Airlines for me, trying to help me get an earlier flight home, from this TRIP from HELL!!! We had to be on the phone for AT LEAST AN HOUR! Robert compared rates for other times, days, and even different airlines for me, all the while having myself and the Delta agent on 3-way. I can't forget Francine. She was a super sweet, patient lady who brought my room service. She, as well, listened patiently to my venting....all the while giving me words of encouragement. When I asked to speak to a manager so that I could praise these employees, Karolina came out and spoke with me. She was also very sweet and helpful. All in all....I would DEF recommend this hotel to ANYONE coming to Chicago. The prices may not be what you WANT, but the service will be MORE than you expect, I GUARANTEE! Thanks to all of these AMAZING people who helped make this trip less stressful for me! Y'all ROCK!
