We had a wedding reception for both local and out-of-town guests at the Hoilday Inn Mart Plaza in November, 2014. It was a wonderful evening all around and I would highly recommend this venue, although note the few issues we had. Some details... Janet Donovan took over as the Event Coordinator during the summer of 2014 bc the prior coordinator had left that role. We felt some trepidation bc of this... we had spent quite a bit of time working with the other person planning our event and were concerned that our requests and details might get "lost in the shuffle" and bring on last minute stress that no one needs at that time. We needn't have worried. Almost everything went smoothly. The meal was very good (we had several choices for our guests; steak, chicken, halibut, pasta) and the portions were generous. We also had passed appetizers during a cocktail hour which were delicious and plentiful. We had the chef's dessert table(s) which was amazing, truly. We had a beautiful wedding cake (from Cake) but the additional pastries and cookies, etc., were beautifully displayed. We also had some late night food, the burgers and fries. They were plentiful and delicious. Really, the food surpassed our expectations and service was very good, too. We had requested an extra hour of reception time and even the clean up went smoothly at the end of the evening (e.g., wedding gifts were taken up to the bridal suite for us). The only bar tending hiccups (hah) during the event were that they didn't have tomato juice for bloody marys and when my husband asked for Jack Daniels the bartender said he was out. My husband then walked over to the other bar and brought him back another bottle to have there for our guests.   We had a number of guests staying at the hotel so we had arranged a large room block. All those planning details worked fine with no hangups upon booking, however, the front desk check-in process was not flawless. There are two lines to check in, one "general" line  and one "priority guest" (I assume to be for Holiday Inn priority guests). But the layout of the lines is confusing and the signage looks kind of the same (maybe a special logo or something would help). But the main issue with the check in process was that the front desk people were not that friendly or accommodating if there were hangups, which a few people had. For example, a couple people had the same last names as another guest (lots of family so it happens) and the rooms given were not the same bed arrangements they'd requested. The front desk person(s) just said, "Figure it out...", meaning since it was a room block, it was our responsibility to sort it out and to go to our guests and ask about it. Anyway, most people did not have any issues but in a few instances the front desk people were not really cordial and accommodating (it's a very busy place and it was a very busy weekend but even still). The fact that the venue has a beautiful lobby bar overlooking the city was a huge plus for us. The HI also provides complimentary rooms for the parents of the bride and groom for the night of the reception, and we had booked those rooms for Friday night as well. Those rooms were outstanding...very large corner rooms with plenty of space which was perfect.  Breakfast the following morning was also delicious. The bridal suite, too, is a beautiful room and our children were quite happy with it. Regular guest rooms were small, though renovated. (Typical city hotel rooms.) Really, I can't say enough how well everything went and how happy we were with the staff, food, and rooms.  We would highly recommend this venue.
