Stayed for a short 3 days during spring break for my 6 year old's (Ther were signs warning about no children under 7 on top bunks so I'm assuming they get kids quite a bit) birthday to go to the aquarium and museum. The staff was very friendly and efficient. We checked out at 8:30am and where able to leave our stuff in the common lockers (Dont forget your locks!) while we went to the museum (our return bus didn't leave until 5pm). We were also allowed to go back up to the kitchen and get our food we left for the bus ride home.  The complimentary breakfast was nice, not too big of a selection, but muffins and bagels and cream cheese is what we normally have for breakfast. Coffee was abysmal at best. Bring your own creamer. I took a leap of faith (and due to tight budget) and chose to stay in a 8-person female dorm instead of the more expensive private room and I was very pleasantly surprised. All of the roommates were quiet, respectful and didn't seem to mind bunking with a kid. The bathrooms were very clean and tidy, and large enough, despite being shared by 8 women and having all of our shower and beauty products everywhere. Security and safety is the utmost importance when you're travelling with children, and I can confidently say we felt 100% safe while staying here. The building is within walking distance of everything we chose to do and the MegaBus stop. We could have taken the bus or a cab but I dont feel comfortable taking public transit in different cities until I know them better. But if a 6-year old can walk to the museums and bus stop, most able-bodied people can as well. The hostel is kiddy-cornered to a CVS so in case you forget anything you can just walk right over (but be aware of the 9.5% tax rate within the city of chicago that i was unaware of!). And right down State Street there's a bunch of chain clothing stores, since it was considerably colder in Chicago than it was in Detroit, I needed to pick up my daughter a heavier coat the first day there. Burlington has a good  reasonably-priced selection and was conveniently close. All in all, had an awesome stay. Would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for cheap, safe accommodation in the downtown area.
