Extremely disappointed with the Hotel Chicago Downtown, Autograph Collection. I wound up not staying there, and Priceline (through which I booked my room) canceled my reservation and refunded my money. The location is convenient. The hotel has kind of a cool vibe going. The staff was polite. NOW... I checked into the hotel. When I got to the room, I hoped to put a couple of drinks (water, etc.) in the refrigerator. Problem: There was no refrigerator. (Hotel's own write-up said it had mini bars, which, at minimum, should mean there is a refrigerator in the room.) I called downstairs to ask if the rooms had refrigerators. Apparently, some do. The gentleman said he would have someone bring one up. After I hung up, I realized, there really was no outlet that allowed for a convenient spot to plug in a refrigerator. The man who brought the refrigerator noticed that immediately. Solution? Plug it in next to the sink and put it on the floor in front of the sink. The room also provided no dresser or table top for clothing. (There was a single nightstand and a desk only. There also was a huge amount of wasted space which seemed ideal for a small dresser or table.) Water seemed to be running in the bathroom (which had just the toilet and a shower stall with curtain). I checked to see if the toilet was running. It wasn't. The noise had been going for the 20-30 minutes I'd been in the room. (It almost sounded like someone was showering in another room, but there didn't seem to be anyone in close proximity to my room.) The person at the front desk was going to send up someone from engineering to take a look. I didn't stick around. The initial feeling was this was not going to be a good stay. Overall, just a HUGE disappointment, especially because it had a four-star rating on Priceline. (I've stayed in other four-stars I've booked through the site. This was nowhere near the same level.) It is the first time I ever have left a place. Fortunately, I found another hotel, Intercontinental Chicago, quickly. For $5.00 more, I got an amazing experience. I cannot recommend Hotel Chicago Downtown, Autograph Collection.
