I stayed at this hotel over the weekend and I have to say it was interesting in a not so great way. My friend and I stayed together and I booked a double room through hotels.com as I had the same issues others had and we were downgraded to a queen when I complained the upgraded to a king and offered a rollaway bed which we agreed to. The bed was delivered promptly which was nice but the room was pretty small so it took some moving of furniture to get the rollaway to fit. The room itself seemed pretty clean and I liked the tropical beach decor the hotel had it made the room bright. The bed was comfortable and my friend stated the roll away was also comfortable. The room had a good amount of lamps to keep the room lit. However that is about the end of the positives for this hotel. We checked in after 4pm as the hotel has a late check in when we got to our room we put on some music on our phone and got ready to go out that night. At about 10:30pm we got a call from the front desk saying we were being loud. Like I said playing music on an iPhone and talking, we were not partying or anything like that and it was just my friend and I. I have to say that if what we were doing was considered loud then the walls must be extremely thin. The next morning we got a knock on our door and it was security. They wanted to ask some questions about and altercation that has taken place at the hotel the night before. He asked us if we knew people by certain names and we explained to him that we had not even gotten back to the hotel until late. Turns out he was going to the doors of all people with my last name looking for someone. On top of those less than stellar things the hallway smelled of weed every time we'd leave the room we were bombarded by the smell. The view from out room wasn't great but it did overlook the parking garage where my car was parked so if anyone tried to break in we'd know. The room we were in also looked directly into another room and they were under 2 yards apart. All in all our experience here was less than stellar and we will not be staying here again.
