If I could give zero stars I would. DO NOT BE FOOLED by the travelzoo ratings. Read the one and two star reviews on Yelp to get the real story on this hotel. I have never in my life been treated so horribly at an establishment. Usually, there is a bit of age discrimination because I am a younger customer, but this hotel treated me like my business was worthless.I may be young, but my money is JUST as good as anybody else's.  I booked a stay for 5 nights at this hotel. My first night there was a bachelorette party next door giving me no rest for the night. When I asked for a room change the next morning, they moved me from my beautiful river front room, to a room looking at a brick wall with construction. It was such a clear downgrade. When I went downstairs, I really nicely asked if there was anything else available. The hotel manager Erica's response was, "Cities are really loud. You could get construction or a loud neighbor and you just take your pick." Seriously? That's the best a "manager" could do? No offer to make up for my horrible nights stay, no fixing the problem just  "take your pick." What great service!! When I asked Frances, the front desk agent to speak to someone else, she told me that Erica was the highest authority in the hotel, that I could leave if I didn't like it, and hung up on me. So apparently if you complain about anything, the hotel will take it out on YOU not fix the problem. I immediately called my rewards number hotline, as I am a frequent Kimpton guest, and they were appalled. The agent informed me that MARCO is actually the general manager of the hotel and that it was ridiculous that the staff refused to give me his name. The agent said that when staff refuse to give the name of the supervisor, it is a clear sign they realize they messed up and don't want to own up. The agent sent a high priority email to Marco and I left him a voicemail on his personal line. What came of this? A BIG FAT NOTHING! I can see Marco responds to the Yelp ads but is just way to busy to respond to anything else. So just so everyone is aware, Yelp is the ONLY way to get ahold of him. Maybe if Marco spent some more time responding to guests, he wouldn't be spending all day commenting on the negative Yelp reviews. I tried to leave, but the hotel informed me if I chose to check out I would be charged my full stay. I spent the rest of my "vacation" being whispered about, stared at, and hung up on whenever I requested anything. This hotel should be ashamed to have the Kimpton name, and I will be sure to share that with Corporate, the Rewards Line, and everybody else I know. I certainly will never stay here again, and I recommend that others stay far far away.
