My wedding was held on 9/27/14.  I was so excited about it being held at The Hotel Chicago because of the proclaimed attention to detail, the food presentation at the tasting and exclusiveness of having the entire 4th floor for our guests.  At the tasting the catering manager/coordinator, her assistant and chef did a wonderful job helping us to envision our wedding reception night at The Hotel Chicago.   Our day came and it was nothing like we expected.  Upon inspection on the morning of, the carpeting of the main reception area was soiled and remained soiled, even though this matter was brought to the attention of staff members.  The food we sampled at our scheduled tasting was absolutely delicious...crusted sea bass, tender crisp vegetables, perfectly cooked steak, etc.  Yet for the day of the reception our selections were not prepared in the accordance with what we approved and contracted.  The sea bass was missing the crust and color and was gelatinous, the steak was as tough as a tire, and the vegetables tasted and looked as if they came from a can.   Our wishing well was placed in a common area by hotel staff, which we were assured by the catering manager/coordinator would be safe and looked after by the bartenders, the catering manager and her son, who was helping her this evening and would be taken to the bridal suite by hotel staff prior to dinner.  The next day my husband and I opened the wishing well.  After taking a tally of everyone that was in attendance and making calls to our guests, we came to the shocking conclusion that someone had removed cards and money from our wishing well.   All of this was brought to the attention of Mark Deinhart, General Manager at the hotel.  There was also a police report filed with the 18th District and a request for Mr. Deinhart to review the video surveillance and get back to us with his findings.  We have yet to find our police report listed on the District's crime incident reporting website nor has Mr. Deinhart gotten back to us on our request regarding the video footage.   This event cost upwards of $40,000 and we expected the quality of a $40,000 event, yet our evening was ruined by the level of unprofessionalism at the hotel.  My mother missed the majority of the evening, as she was following up on guest issues regarding unexpected parking fees, room rates, staff member(s) reported leaving the bridal suite at a time when no one was supposed to be there, and tending to my dad after he had eaten the fish and gotten sick, which lead to him being hospitalized.   My husband and I were firm in requesting a partial refund for 232 plates at $75.00 a piece, that weren't prepared as approved by us as well as monies stolen from the wishing well, coming to a grand total of $25,400.  Mr. Deinhart felt this to be unacceptable and his remedy for our horrible experience was to offer a monetary reimbursement of $2,500.00 (twenty-five hundred dollars), accompanied with a general release of liability from the hotel, which is a slap in the face considering the level of negligence and dissatisfaction with this venue. If you are considering hosting your wedding/reception in the downtown Chicago area, please stay clear of The Hotel Chicago.  I want to prevent anyone's event being ruined as ours was.
