If a legit four star hotel and the Bates Motel from Psycho had a baby this would be it. I lived in Chicago for ten years and never got stuck in an elevator. I lived in the loop and took thousands of elevators, no problem. I have also stayed in quite a few hotels on my visits back and all have been good until this one. I was in town for the Pitchfork festival and booked this hotel through Hotwire. At Hotel Sax I got stuck in two separate elevators. When I first entered the lobby elevator it took me to the 7th floor (my room was on 12) and then just stopped. it wouldn't open or move up or down. I rang the alarm and a maintenance guy brought me to the floor he was on and opened the door. At that point I said I was taking the stairs but he said "No, no, I am shutting this elevator down and calling the elevator company. I guarantee you the others are fine". So I took a second elevator and basically the same thing happened. The door closed and...nothing.. It wouldn't move up or down and the door wouldn't open. So I hit the alarm again (you can't make this stuff up). I started going down and heard the maintenance guy shouting down the elevator shaft "I'm sending you to 4". So I reached 4 and the door opened to something out of The Matrix. The exit iwas blocked by a wall. It turned out to be a wooden wall placed there to keep people from entering. I was able to push it out far enough to get out. So I took the stairs and it was disgusting - rusted water stains, dirty towels on the landings, scuff marks everywhere and almost all of the door handles were pulled out and dangling as though the Incredible Hulk had been pulling on them. To top it off the commode in my room wouldn't stop running. Bottom line - this looks like a hotel where a lot of corners are being cut and money isn't being put into repairs. The staff was fine - the one bright spot. However, when I told the desk that I had gotten stuck not once, but twice, the woman didn't seem surprised in the least. I am guessing I wasn't the first.
