This review is for their wedding services.  We had our wedding there in September 2011 (I'm a bit delayed in doing my reviews), and my husband and I are staying there for our 1st anniversary although we live in Chicago because we had such a great experience with the Monaco. First, we wanted a hotel to host our ceremony and reception, and wanted a more boutique environment for our small-ish wedding (~80 guests).  The hotel had such a beautiful but eclectic feel that was exactly what we wanted (goldfish as centerpieces included!).  They only do one wedding at a time, which was really important to us.  We got so many rave reviews from our guests on how great the space was; and our guests who stayed at the hotel loved the rooms.   I think when people heard we were having the wedding at a hotel, they expected a cookie cutter experience, and were very surprised at how unique the setting is, how good the food was, how personal all the touches were.  We looked at a few other "boutique" hotels, but Monaco just had everything we were looking for, at a better price, and included more than the other places. Alyssa was our event manager and she was amazing...very responsive, very personable, and very accessible and open to what we wanted.  The staff throughout the entire process took care of us as well, especially the South Water Kitchen folks.  Overall, the food was very good; we got a lot of compliments on the food and drinks.  A few misses, but that's to be expected.  Alyssa and Roger from South Water, listened to our favs and made sure the menu and bar represented my husband and I...it didn't feel like "option A vs option B."   There were a few bumps...it is a wedding after all; but Alyssa took care of all of them with utmost attention, even after the event, she was very responsive to our feedback.  And the staff did a wonderful, wonderful job.    I think the only thing I would say is that the room is above the kitchen and it did get a little warm despite the AC cranked. Besides saying yes to my now-husband, the best thing we did for our wedding was choose the Monaco.
