#1: PARKING. If you drive to this hotel, be prepared to pay $47 for overnight parking. I had no idea, since I booked through Hotwire and they don't tell you the name of the hotel you're booking (or, apparently, how much parking is). There is no validating or waiving of the parking fee if you're a guest because the parking garage next door is managed by the city, not the hotel. #2: DECOR. There's a reason why they don't show any photos of the guest rooms on the website. Sure, the lobby is pretty, but the rooms are not what I expected. Clean, yes, but small (think 20'x15', including the bathroom). They are "chic" but cheap and undermaintained (example: the frame of the mirror in the bathroom is in need of sanding and painting (who puts a cheap MDF frame in a bathroom?! Tip: paint doesn't seal MDF). You can tell the hotel tried to decorate nicely, but on a strict budget. "Vintage" furniture painted white, "retro" colors, an in-wall heating/cooling unit with a wall-mounted thermostat not connected to it or even turned on (??), peeling wallpaper above the in-wall heating/cooling unit, black grout in the shower, no curtain liner to keep the shower curtain from getting soaked (and then mold-stained), #3: MILDEW. If you have allergies, stay away. You can't smell it until you get into the rooms, but mine (910) just reeks of mildew. I know this building has mold because my nose instantly started itching the minute I walked in the room and that's what happens when I'm face-to-face with hidden mold. If it weren't for my non-refundable Hotwire reservation, I would have walked out and found another hotel to stay at. I'll mention the peeling wallpaper above the heating/cooling unit again: it's an obvious indicator that the building has moisture problems that aren't being taken seriously or being tended to. #4: SERVICE. Front desk wasn't the nicest. They weren't rude, but there wasn't much of a greeting, wasn't much of a smile, and, even though I was the only person checking in or even in the lobby, they rushed me through the check-in. It was quite unwelcoming. #5: NOISE. I tried to take a nap after my long drive from Detroit, but, no. Every sound--every step, every door closing, every word, and even the very loud re-bagging of a trashcan in the hallway by an attending staff member--made its way through the 3/4" gap under my room's door. #6: LOCATION: C'mon. It's the middle of Downtown Chicago. It's what you'd expect: narrow streets, one-way roads, construction, traffic, sirens, nightlife, etc. This is the only part of the experience where I got what I expected, so was neither elated nor disappointed. #7: BAR: For someone gluten-free, I was super irritated when Redbridge beer was advertised on their bar menu but, when I asked for some from the bartender, I basically got laughed at and was bluntly told, "Oh, no, we don't have that." I ordered a (poorly made) gin & tonic instead. #8: RESTAURANT: The food was the only good thing about this hotel. Unfortunately, the cook was also the waiter was also the room service attendant. Poor guy could barely breathe and, while nice, was obviously always in a rush. We tipped him well (because, dang, the guy could cook and he actually smiled. *gasp* Imagine that!). #9: MISC: I was so irritated that I went around taking pictures of this "4-star" hotel's disappointments. Unfortunately, I can't figure out how to upload them to Yelp. They included missing knobs on the gym's A/C, peeling wallpaper, a hallway women's bathroom door that was hung crookedly and therefore didn't close on it's own, mold in the gym's shower, cracked and peeling floorboards, giant patches of paint chipped away near the floor.... I can go on. Overall, it's really a 2-star place. I don't care how "award winning" they say they are or how many trophies they display in their lobby. If you can't keep a room relatively sound-proofed, mold-free, and properly maintained, you SHOULD NOT call yourself a 4-star property. Maybe other Indigo locations are nicer so that's how they get away with it, but I'm not staying here again (in fact, the other Indigo location in Chicago which I accidentally went to first was night-and-day to the Downtown location. If you must stay at an Indigo in Chicago, GO TO VERNON HILLS!).
