I see that most of these reviews have similar complaints - but I am writing this genuinely hoping the management takes note of one BIG problem.  The review could have been 4 stars had I not had an issue with a horribly creepy employee (that's just below but first I'll summarize the stay quickly): Overall my stay was nice - the room was nice and I had gotten a good deal on Priceline like many other reviewers.  I realize now I was lucky enough to get put in a handicapped room, because mine was in no way too small.  Great size!  Good service at check-in and also provided helpful service when I requested a couple toiletries I had forgotten.  My only problem (aside from my own safety, as you can read below) was the rude interaction I had with the front desk in the morning.  I called at about 11:30 to see if I could check out a little late without a fee.  I literally asked for 20 to 30 minutes extra in order to pack all my stuff.  She said no.  I said okay so if I walk out at 12:15 will I be fined?  She said yes.  Okay... I get the policy - they are booked for the next night, they need to turn over.  That's why there is 3 hours between check in and out.  I have never had such a rude response and lack of attempt to please the customer for such a simple request.  They should work on that,  every other hotel I have ever addressed that with is willing to give an hour leeway. My stay would have been completely fine had an overly chatty "security guard" not talked to me way too much.  I went downstairs for a cigarette twice during the evening.  The first time some man wandered behind me (following me out the door) and asked for a cigarette, I assumed he was another guest, I gave him one (visibly annoyed, and mentioned there was a 711 across the street - his response to this was that they were way too expensive... okay, so smoke my expensive cigarettes instead?) and went along my way to run an errand.  Later I went back down a second time and the guy followed me outside AGAIN, asking for another cigarette.  At this point I am confused and he started off the conversation by saying he was a security guard for the hotel.  Okay... I get it some people like to chat, but now I realize that a hotel employee has been following me outside and bothering me for cigarettes?  Beyond that, I was CLEARLY not wanting to chat!  I had my own night to get on with.  But this guy, who looked like he was 15, decided to spill his guts. He said the Hotel Felix had recently hired extra "security guards" following a woman being murdered in a room.  The woman was an "escort".  I had heard this story on the news, but the name of the hotel was never disclosed, just that it was a Gold Coast boutique hotel.  He continues on to tell me that the hotel gets "tons" of escorts ALL the time.  He also mentioned that he does not carry a gun, and had to take a 3 day class in order to obtain this coveted title.  I slightly pursued the conversation (with my jaw dropped), because I am just in shock at this point.   I asked why he is even considered a security guard if he has no gun and no training.  I said what if a problem came about then and someone had a gun?  His response... He would run away!  Alright.  By now II want to go straight to the front desk and let them know their way too chatty "security" was an absolute joke.  He wrapped up the conversation by saying he gets paid $15 an hour to do absolutely nothing.  He just sits and watches TV all night.   Overall, I felt so uncomfortable after thinking about it.  I am a young woman in my mid-twenties.  I was not intoxicated, and I was very visibly displeased with the fact that this man (this EMPLOYEE) had followed me outside twice to ask me for cigarettes, since he could not buy his own.  I really wish I would have spoken up at the exact time, but I just wanted to get back to my room and away from him!  I'm sure any legal counsel associated with the Hotel Felix is going to be less than pleased they decided to cut costs by hiring security who not only isn't qualified, but is spilling the hotel's less than proudest moments.  My stay was on 12/28/12 - whomever the young man is that was working "security" that night needs to be given the boot before he scares away any more customers.  Yikes!
