Night at Hotel Sax/Hotel Chicago:  My daughter and her husband to be contracted with the Hotel Sax for their wedding reception to take place on 9/27/2014.  I attended several on-site meetings with them; initial tour, selection of menus, and final payment prior to event.  During these meetings we discussed the cost for guest parking, selection and preparation of menu items, program and menus for the reception and after party, and set up of h entire fourth floor food and the wishing well.  Once we were provided with the cost for parking the invitations were sent out informing guests of the $20.00 parking fee.  On the day of the reception I inspected the ballroom and found stained carpeting that had not been cleaned.  There were 200 guests in attendance.  Several guests informed me that they were required to pay up to $65.00 for parking.  One guest informed my daughter that the late night parking attendant told her that he would not retrieve her car - she would have to get it herself.  The menu that we taste-tested was not prepared in the same manner as we approved.  The menu card gave guests the impression that they could choose their entree - they could not as we had already made the selections.  One guest was double billed for a room.  The food purchased for the after party was not there.  Wedding cards and thousands of dollars were stolen from the wishing well which was under the care of the hotel wedding coordinator who assured us on more than one occasion that she would see to it that it would be secure and taken to the bridal suite after the start of the dinner service.  My daughter's wedding reception was ruined by the unprofessional staff and contractual workers.  A police report was filed.  To this day compensation for the unappealing and uneaten meals, as well as the stolen monies, has not been received from local management or national leadership.  Do not even consider this establishment/organization - they are not customer service oriented and cannot be trusted.
