My boyfriend and I stayed at this bed and breakfast over vacation and it was very wonderful.  The innkeeper was friendly and helpful, showing us a lot of information and finding a tour for us that we didn't know about.  The breakfast was great too, pumpkin waffles are great and you get muffins, bread and a lot of extras, more than the other bed and breakfast we stayed at the same trip.   We stayed in the Blue Room, which is a building located across from the main bed and breakfast.  We had neighbors in the adjoining room but they left early the next day and we never saw them.  So, we got lucky because we had the whole adjoining kitchen and sitting room to ourselves, so it was like renting a large apartment for a hotel room price.  Wicker Park is a great neighborhood too with a lot of places to see and it is very close to the Metro, so basically, it is cheap and easy to get around the city and safe at night to sleep.  Safe, quiet neighborhood, but within walking distance to The Hideout, The Empty Bottle, The DarkRoom and other clubs.  Each is less than two miles away. I only have a few complaints about the bed and breakfast to make other people aware.   First, we got a very loud bed.  It made a lot of noise when we turned over, so if you are a light sleeper, ask the innkeeper to make sure your bed is quiet. She probably will respond to the request.  Second, it is a bit dusty on the floor of the building where the Blue Room is and if you have allergies like me, they may flare up.  Third, after we made the reservation thinking we would have excess to a computer, we got an email saying we wouldn't have access to a computer because a lot of people bring laptops.  We did end up having a computer in the common area by the Blue Room, but we would have been very upset not to have one, since we were going to use it to print out our maps and metro stops.  The computer is there for the time being, but please call the innkeeper when you make your reservation if that is a problem for you. Other than those points, the room was decorated well with art from the innkeeper and her husband.   I took some photos of the sculpture and two headed skeleton in the dining area and hope to upload them here someday.  The sitting room had room on the window ledges to sit. The whirlpool bathtub for two in the Blue Room is awesome.  It was great because two of the nights we were in Chicago, it rained, so it was a good option to stay in, order take out (innkeeper supplied a huge book of restaurant menus and places that delivered) and relax after a long day of seeing the city.   Oh yes, they do have free tea and coffee in the room but their binder says they also have free soda...they do not.  They do need to update their binders in the rooms, I don't think ours was updated since 2006, but with the computer it was easy to figure that all out. We also got some movies from their collection to watch and like I say, the breakfasts were tasty and large, the rooms were beautiful and it had a lot of amenities. I would recommend it to others to enjoy. I'd like to upload some photos of our room, but I am new, so I can't figure out how to do it. By the way, the place is called House of Two Urns without the hyphen. I couldn't find it to look it up at first because of that, can someone on Yelp fix that?
