With Spring approaching and another year, we wanted to alert any fellow B&B lovers, tourists, and business professionals about House of Two Urns' unethical practices, poor guest relations, making light of guest preferences and their interest in money over repeat guests.  I suspect after the incident with us in 2010, House of Two Urns has tried desperately to demonstrate good client relations and perhaps convince guests to write favorable reviews. Nevertheless, if a B&B owner treats even one of their guests or potential guests poorly, and dismisses the guests concerns repeatedly and publicly, in addition to making fun of the guest publicly, this behavior demonstrates unethical business practices and a lack of professional discretion. We very much wanted to make our stay with this B&B we found on Priceline.  So we booked and immediately called Priceline with questions, but were told by Priceline that their merchants always call guests within 24 hours of booking.  House of Two Urns did not call us, so we called and emailed over the next 3 days to verify the rooms since there was a misrepresentation on their B&B website, and to inquire about the décor, as certain décor makes us uncomfortable.  No response from Kapra for 3 whole days.  Finally, the day the Priceline cancellation period ended, and after calling numerous times back-to-back that day, Kapra finally picked up the phone.  She emailed us the picture of a room that was not what we booked and then proceeded to ignore our request for clarification.  When we sought resolution from Priceline, Priceline instead just cancelled our reservation.  Kapra refused to return our money until our amazing credit card company intervened.  In the end, she still kept half the room charges, made fun of our décor inquiry, and made it appear as though she was doing us a favor refunding half the charges.  One booking turned into a six-month hassle.  We never stayed at House of Two Urns and never will.  We booked at a great Chicago establishment and even extended our stay several more nights.  We warn all our B&B loving friends about this shocking experience and how Kapra continued to publicly embarrass us regarding our décor preference.  We research B&Bs in advance regarding décor and count on the B&B owners to answer their phones to verify décor.  We have stayed at numerous B&Bs in the U.S. and Canada and never experienced a problem with accommodating our décor preference, if necessary, or communicating with the owners. It is important that anyone even considering a stay with this B&B, regardless of any positive reviews they read, should Buyer Beware and know the truth about what they are capable of within their business practices.  Regardless of the owner's denials, omissions and distorted interpretation of the facts, the condensed events we have outlined above are accurate. Very simply, a sincere apology and a full refund from Kapra for not answering her phone to determine if they could accommodate us and in time for us to cancel within the grace period, if necessary, would have created lifetime customer evangelists with our broad word-of-mouth scope. In the end, it was more important for her to get our money and to feel she was right, than it was for her to inspire good guest relations and repeat customers.  Kapra simply does not understand what so many B&B owners understand, unhappy guests' word-of-mouth is poison in the B&B/hospitality industry.   Suggestion:  Always treat guests better than the contract requires.  Treat guests better than you think you should.  The positive experience will equal success.
