So the hotel looks really nice on the website and has mostly positive reviews.  I agree, the renovations are nice, and the color scheme and style is right up my alley.  2 stars for the effort up front... too bad the rest of my experience wasn't very good.   Here's how my weekend went....  showed up to $61 dollar a night parking which is a little ridiculous even for chicago.   Ok fine, bellman took us to our room, who was helpful and offered some dinner advice.  I noticed that the room that I booked... an upgraded corner king with a seating area had no seating area.  In fact the only place to sit is in a cheap office chair or the bed.  I specifically booked the room with the couch because I planned on having a few friends meet here before dinner. In this setup, in room dining is not really possible comfortably. When I called about the room I was told it was the same as the one I booked just different.... how is it the same if it's different? They offered to change but I felt awkward at that point as the clerk repeatedly told me it was the same room. The shower is pretty small but the bathroom is large.  While showering I had barely enough room to move around and I almost slipped due to a leak at the base of the shower, which makes the tile floor like an ice rink.   I had hotel staff enter my room twice without knocking while I was in it.  Housekeeping was kind enough to take the $5 tip I left on the nightstand, but failed to vacuum my room or throw away the garbage that I had put in a pile on the desk.   I also noticed that the shower has mold and missing caulk around the base which looks bad and is probably why the shower leaks.  Definitely not up to the standards that i would expect from a room that ends up costing 260 a night with parking. I could have stayed at a 5 star for about the same price. There is an awkward 2 elevator setup that turns entering or exiting the building into a chore.   The bar area was nice but didn't feel too cozy with the open plan.  We had to get up and get our own menus and order 2 drinks from the bar before a waiter assisted us. The best part is that the hotel is right across the street from an emergency room and the ambulance sirens literally sound like they are in the room with you, even when on the top floor. And the bellhop told us that this was the "quiet side" of the hotel.  This is an excellent feature that is sure to impress   I was also charged a 250 smoking fee for using an e - cigarette in my room.  I didn't even realize that the odor from the vapor was noticeable, but apparently it was... my apologies. appropriate considering I didn't smoke in the room and there is no signage prohibiting e-cigs.  My wife came back to the room about 20 minutes after this happened and couldn't smell any residual order whatsoever.... As I tried to explain the the people who came to my room... i was not smoking, but he offered to kick me out if I did it again. A simple polite request to move outside would have been all that was needed.   I am normally a person who feels like hyatt offers nice rooms at a reasonable rate.  I travel frequently for work and have never had an issue with any other locations, nor have I ever had an issue from an e-cig in any of the 50+ hotels that I have stayed at in the last 2 years.   I definitely would look elsewhere in the city.  For the ammeneties, location, and level of service this should definately be a 3 star.  Putting up wallpaper and art doesn't make your experience better, it's about attention to detail and customer service.  I stayed at the crown a few weeks ago... not remarkable but I would definitely go back there.   I will definitely not come back to this hotel and will probably reconsider before booking Hyatt again.
