I recently attended a 7 day review and exam that was held at the Hyatt Place in Itasca, however I did not stay at the hotel because I was local. The lobby area is pretty modern and clean; I regularly saw the staff cleaning the floors and tables. There is no pantry or shop for little things so if you needed say Tylenol, you have to either go up to the Speedway at Arlington Heights and Devon or the Jewel/Dominicks/Walgreens at Arlington Heights and Biesterfield (if you have a car). The room itself was small, and the heat/ac was never working right. On the first day we were really hot and then completely freezing, the next day was the same. So I ended up bringing multiple layers and adding them when needed. As part of our package we were supposed to have lunch each day and coffee available all day with snacks but that didn't happen. This training and exam package was quite expensive ($4K) so I would have hoped for a little more. Most days we had no coffee or ice cold coffee after about 10am. When we complained, sometimes we got more coffee and sometimes we didn't. The lunches were just sandwiches and weren't that great. In fact there were two days most the guys wouldn't eat it because it looked/smelled so bad) so we just went across the parking lot to the Buona Beef and Besa Mi Taco (which stinks when you pay $4K and your lunch should be included) The room was behind the elevator bank and was just off the lobby/cafe area so it was really loud. You could always hear people coming in, chatting at the elevator, eating, drinking at the bar and so forth. During the week it was annoying but we got used to it. The day of the exam it was annoying as heck to be honest. It was a 6 hour exam and they put signs up for people to be quiet but they were not. The hotel staff did nothing to help. We did have the option of ear plugs, but when you have to do a 6 hour exam manually (paper based - old school scantron bubbles) in a room with messed up HVAC that 90 degrees, it's obnoxious. In fact I can't believe the testing board even allowed this but I digress. The other thing that was annoying was these bugs all over the room and flying around the room. It was disgusting. The staff said they were due to the ladybug infestation in the area and they were  some type of bug that lived off of ladybugs. That's all well and good but I live 3 miles from the hotel and have never seen or heard of those bugs and neither have my friends. These bugs would come out of the vents and crawl on the walls and tables. Some of the guys would catch them in the water glasses during the day sessions and have 4-5 in the cup by 7-8pm at night. Multiple cups too. We went outside one of the days and saw the adjacent wall to the room we were in covered outside with these bugs too. Overall I was not  impressed with the banquet/meeting space at all. It was definitely not the worst I have seen and been to, but definitely not the best either. I actually expected more with this program and I'm glad I didn't stay there as well because I can not stand to be somewhere I know there is a bug problem - coming from a seasoned business traveler.
