AGAIN! Another flawless ride. After five ( first on yelp!)  you would figure there would be a late driver, or some excuse....not with them. I have never experienced a company so well ran. You can even make tentative reservations online for their treasured fleet. Such a great company! Make a reservation online, or speak to their Reservations Specialist(s). This is a treasure us locals hate to give to tourists. Flying in? You would be silly to not at least get a quote (probably 50-60 DOLLARS to the Lopp or to visit a close "aunt" in the suburbs!!!!). Money after your quote goes a long way. My driver was not afraid to stop at a fast food place for a bite, but kept his same charge, and made me feel like The President! (Try that with a city cab if you don't believe me....twice a charge and your value meal is not such a value HIGHLY SUGGESTED! Best in breed drivers...best in breed company! Other experiences (outside of In Chicago, for an aspect of contrast, a $60 3 hour trip on a bus with strange people to get to the Tetons. (I was young, I think bandanas and drugs were involved.....\) $30 trip from Chicago to my home (4 miles away, not including a tip = $30!), and my favorite, a charter of $1,300 for a three hour trip in a Lincoln Towncar (in 2013) that was falling apart, from Indy to Chicago. I later learned a ride on the train was 90% less, and after telling my stories to their drivers, at least 75% less, without fuss, and stops included. I am proud, and shall I say (honored) happy to put this review. I'd rather myself, or my company, pay the extra 15%. It's quicker, by at least one  to two hours to choose them, and you are not dropped off where the train decides. (Union and Ogilvie are scary after 8pm------check their rates from indy/burbs to your home.....probably better!) Apparently they have a revamped website too (finding developer!) ! I am LIVING for it! You submit your request for a ride (even a day before) and a friendly staff member calls you and confirms (they say within twelve hours, but it's usually less than...) ...almost instantly, or you may wait 30 minutes. I hate booking and not knowing, but even I am willing to wait a few minutes for this service. One thing that SHOCKED ME is that I decided to bring the family for a vacation "work" trip once. They literally were almost at my beck-and-call (after pickup!)  within a couple hours notice...and the best part is...they took our personal car seats and irrelevant baggage. This is usually a 24 hour minimum policy, but they did it, free. Both are unheard of (outside of their affiliates) ! No worrying that someone else woudl judge those crumbled =goldfish!(I would like to think curdled milk and goldfish are not cuddled, but I think they very well may.....(----humor?) They hold and return any items you do not need, and return to you when you leave the city. (Perfect for the In-Law!) -[END APPROVAL]-
