Our worst hotel/hospitality experience ever! I regret that my first review ever on Yelp! has to be a negative one. This hotel, along with the staff of Eno Wine Bar are at best inept at their jobs and have no clue how to treat/handle guests of the hotel and should probably be removed from their positions or should attend remedial managers training. My husband and I live in the near west burbs and are in our mid 30's. Every once in a while we come in for a night in the city for special occasions. This was the case on last Friday to celebrate my husband's birthday. During dinner we had wine with our meal, and decided that we wanted to go another bar afterward, and committed to booking a hotel room for the night so that we would not be driving for the evening. We book the InterContinental online. One of the reasons was to try out Eno Wine Bar. After dinner we checked in at the hotel, then left to go to the other establishment for a couple drinks, knowing we'd return in enough time to visit Eno before the 1 am closing time. To get to the point of this review, we were denied service at the Eno Wine Bar because someone there decided we had been "over served."  We had never experienced this before, EVER. We didn't know what we did that was the basis of this determination, and they didn't like the fact that we would ask questions. We didn't believe we were walking or talking funny. We got a real run around just because they didn't want to properly answer a simple question for us. When we finally did get a response from the waitress, it was because we "looked tired" that we must therefore have been over served.  When I ask to speak with a manager, I end up getting the manager from Michael Jordan's steakhouse (who does not work at the wine bar). He gives us the same run around (at this point I'm rather ticked). We didn't understand the "looking tired" explanation. When did looking tired become the basis for such a determination? It seemed like a response pulled out of nowhere, and we weren't satisfied with it. We assured him that if it's really about (looking tired) that we were in fact guests of the hotel and wouldn't be driving afterward. It became obvious talking to this guy was a waste of time. He didn't care that we were trying to just get answers and added more insult to injury by saying that "he understands why they decided not to serve us." (Yes, because at this point, I was pretty livid over this nonsense). After this, we no longer wanted to order anything there, it became about the principle of how we were being treated when we'd done nothing to deserve such treatment. I proceeded back to the hotel lobby, where I briefly spoke with a gentleman to try and explain. He says that he would need to refer me to the night security manager as he could not address the issue. The next hour was a lot of us sitting in the lobby waiting for the night security manager to do his job, go and ask questions etc. Even the security manager knew to take us seriously once I started asking for his and everyone's names. It became apparent to him we weren't as out of it as everyone was assuming. In the meantime, John Doe behind us in Michael Jordan's gets into a drunken argument with his pals and starts dropping F-bombs! Security manager excuses himself to go address, and the guy tells him to "F" off. Yet that guy was allowed to stay in the restaurant (and probably order more drinks). We were nowhere near anything like that! Finally tell the night security guy that this is the most horribly we've been treated at a hotel, and then I tell him we are going to go up, get our things and check out of the hotel...had zero interest in staying at that point. So we do, we come back down...night security guy is still in the lobby, we go around to a woman sitting at a desk and tell her we are there to check out, a refund would be nice, but if not, okay we just want to go.  She then says to us, "my night manager here would like to speak with you about everything." Guess who the hotel night manager was?? Same gentleman who previously said he couldn't address our issue and passed us off to the night security manager. So basically, we just kept getting pushed around to other people, because the employees that were actually responsible for dealing with this situation didn't want to, and everyone thought they could just keep passing us around until we would decide to give up. Zero respect! Night manager then tried to placate us to keep us at the hotel (why would he really have cared if we left?)  Offers a bucket of beers or to send up a couple glasses of wine. I defer to my husband at this point, since it was his evening...he doesn't want to have to look for another hotel, so we start to head up to the room to wait for measly wine. Night manager then also offers us vouchers for breakfast. I was sure to tell him these offerings were not going to prevent me from writing reviews online of the hotel and Eno Wine Bar. NEVER AGAIN!!
