Stayed here for a conference. The caveat is that the prevailing rate was 40% higher than what I paid with conference's group discount. Had I paid the full rate I perhaps would be more underwhelmed? Happy as a clam though as is. Overall very impressed. I stayed for a total of 7 nights -- impeccable maid service, i'm occasionally OCD and rearrange things messily on the desk to see what they do with it. It's probably not fair. But i do it anyways. They neatly rearranged everything each time i tried heh. I was in the historic tower, high 30s floor. King bed, bathroom is pretty big with shower stall + tub. Very large bathroom, probably the size of a master bath in my dream house? TV was annoyingly to the left of the bed -- but the advantage is that you face the windows in the bed. Some probably like it some wouldnt. Bed was very very very comfy. Smooth sheets. Need to figure out where they get linens from because they are nothing like what my wife buys heh. Condition of the room was excellent, did not see any structural issues as noted by users previously (paint/carpet i vaguely remember reading about). Perhaps these were corrected? I did not partake in any of the restaurant dining at the restaurant or room service so cannot comment on that. Yet. Based on skimming previous reviews here and at other sites I will eat at the breakfast buffet the morning of departure!! Minor annoyances for me were the fees associated with nearly everything as you expect in a hotel of this caliber. for instance, wifi is fee based; gym is fee based, etc. This isn't a problem really unique to this hotel, just the directions hotels go just as airlines do to keep their bottom line. I basically just switched to a tether plan on my phone (+$25) which i used for the entire trip with my laptop (which would have been $17/day with their wifi? maybe 14 i can't remember). I don't use the gym much anyways so it didn't bug me; though if you like working out, do keep that in mind. Location is excellent. It is right on Michigan Ave -- with entrances on both michigan ave and illinois st. High traffic area, easy to get a cab if you are going somewhere not walkable. It's also very close to the L stop which was great. i was cheapo and took the orange line in from Midway and then switched to redline. The hotel is probably 4 blocks from the stop? 10-20x cheaper than shuttle/cab for sure. For daytime flights, not a problem at all.
