I wrote this review a while back ago on travel advisor...After 2 years 4 months & 27 days I still get lots of questions I always direct them to Aimee at Island Getaways really she's the one that helped me plan everything! With out her going to all these resorts & giving me her fist hand knowledge there is no way I would have picked such a wonderful place for our destination wedding! I hope this helps all you future brides/honeymooners best place ever for the most important event in your life! (I had to write a review bc when the husband and I were looking for spots for our destination wedding and couldn't find any details at all on weddings at any resort that offered them. First off this place is amazing I would recommend it to any getting married there or not! Aimee at myislandgetaways.com our travel agent helped us and our big group of 30 attending the wedding with booking and got us lots of extras and upgrades. We stayed in a Casita for the free basic wedding package but we added on a ton of extras bc we wanted the real wedding feel. All the rooms are wonderful and are pretty big you just get a little extra perks with the Casitas. Since our large group wanted to spend a lot of time letting lose, they have a huge club that also has shows going on early in the evening and an activities pool with a swim up bar that we spent most of our time at but don't worry if you just chose to relax they offer a good mix for everyone. They give you a planner with any wedding package and you email with her the whole time after you book picking flowers, music, cake, colors you know all the good stuff they have a web site with lomas-travel.com for you to choose from. Don't get upset if they don't get back to you right away and don't worry too much about the details. Let them take care of it you will have a meeting with her the minute you arrive to short out everything! The flowers were amazing they sent ours to our room after everything and it filled the room with garden smell for days. The cake wasn't that great but when is wedding cake that good it looked pretty though. They took care of every little detail really I had no stress what so every from planning up until I said "I do" but then again I wasn't a picky bridezilla either. All of us girls in the wedding party got ready in our Casita the day of the wedding they had special waiters come to take care of us from drinks and cold towels to what ever we needed. As a gift to all my bridesmaids and future mother in law I set up a day at the spa for all of us besides for walking all the way to the wrong spa it was great! They took care of all of us right away got us drinks and we were able to have use of the cold pool or sauna. We picked Gazebo 55 which we thought was the best and prettiest location it is on the very end of the resort with outstanding views and no one else around. It is hard to tell from pictures on the web site where you want to have the ceremony months a head of time but with help from Aimee our travel agent who had tons of her own pictures from just being there, we picked the perfect place. We had a real reception at the health bar after it closed for the day complete with DJ open bar for 4 hours a taco bar and even a live donkey walking around serving beers. Yes all this extra stuff cost but if we were to have a wedding in our home town it would have cost 3 times as much. You can always forgo the extras and save your set down dinner that comes with your package for after the wedding then take the whole wedding party to the bar/club since it's all inclusive and top shelf liquor you can't beat the price! We used our sit down dinner for rehearsal dinner all though your planner will not do a normal rehearsal at your wedding site she will go over everything 15 minutes right before the ceremony but come on every one knows how to walk right? We could have picked a smaller photo package but we got such a great deal and we wanted a CD package to share with everyone and the pictures looked really good there were only a few out of the 900 where someone was making an odd face. The photographer even stayed passed his time because I wanted a picture of the whole wedding party in their suits and dresses jumping in the pool at the end of the reception. We had a large group for most weddings there yet they still managed to take care of all of us! Everything is amazing they have tons of staff waiting and willing to fill your every need. I wouldn't change a single thing about our wedding they did a great job and the whole thing was beautiful and we all spent a whole week in paradise with the ones we love and that was so much more than a silly wedding everyone shells out thousands for on one day! All and all we are so happy with everything from the service to food and the all over beautiful place if you are looking for a place for your destination wedding I'm telling you now this is it! No stress planning and being pampered I am so glad we chose to do our wedding)
