Despite my explicit request at the time of the reservation, "whatever you do, please don't send a stretch Hummer!"  Guess what pulled up 30 minutes late to take my bride -to-be to the church?  That's right, a pimped-out stretch Hummer.   Oh it gets better, in addition to being late to the church.  The ass-clown driver decided to have words with the Priest about being late!  I couldn't believe it.  I'm not the most religious guy in the world, but I think it is universally understood that nobody (including atheists) should call priests, rabbis, and mullahs liars.   After the ceremony, we get into two limos.  Limo One was supposed to take the out-of-town guests back to the hotel and then his shift was done.  Limo Two was supposed to take the wedding party to various spots in the city for pictures.  So, I am in Limo Two and we go to get pictures taken downtown.   About a half hour into the photo session, I notice an empty Limo One pulls up next to a parked Limo Two.  Assuming he was just waiting for the other driver, I didn't think much of it.   About ten minutes later, both drivers want to talk to me (when I am supposed to be taking pictures with my bride and wedding party).  They need to get paid and here is when the shakedown begins: Limo One driver tells me he needs to be paid $1,000 IN CASH.  Which is odd, because when I made the reservation, I was told that it could be handled via credit card.   So here is our conversation: Drv: I am supposed to be paid $1,000 in cash. Me: Well, that's not going to happen. Drv: But, I was told I am going to be paid $932 in cash at the final drop off.   (Note: two things- the price dropped and we weren't at the final drop off.) Me: Well, I am not a pimp and I don't carry around a wad of cash, so you are going to have to take a credit card.  When I made the reservation, I was told this wasn't going to be a problem. Drv: I need to get paid in cash! Me: not gonna happen. Can you take a credit card? Drv: Well.....yes...but... Me: (interrupting) now that's the spirit! Meanwhile, the driver of Limo Two chimes in: Drv2: I am running over, you need to pay me extra for running over. Me: I'm confused, you guys were late and according my schedule we haven't gone over.  Not to mention, your shift was over when you dropped everyone off at the hotel. Drv2: I'm on the clock until I get paid. Anywho, I finally paid these cockgoblins and we got dropped off at the Hotel.   Bottom Line: DON'T USE LASALLE LIMOUSINE ON YOUR WEDDING DAY OR ANY TIME FOR THAT MATTER!!!!!!!!
