I assure you I am not a comedian. These are the actual events I dealt with from this company. 1. I had to call 3 times for an email confirmation.  Once reservation was rcvd incorrect vehicle and price, Rep told my husband one price over the phone for the inconvenience but emailed me with a higher price. We called and got the situation resolved. 2. The driver pulls up to the house unbeknownst to us because he did not knock on the door? We have limited views to the front of the house so 15 minutes later we called the company to find out what the delay was and found out the driver was just sitting outside in the car? 3. I gathered my 3 and 2 year old kids and we made our way out to the car where the driver did not open the door and was waiting for my husband to load the luggage!  And Oh by the way when the driver did help he put suitcases inside of the vehicle with me and my family. I have been told by 2 separate Limo companies that this is illegal. The driver could have put the bags in the front seat 4. The vehicle had a long scratch down the driver's side and reeked of cigarettes. We had to ride from Indiana to Midway in 40* temperatures with the windows cracked so my toddlers would not have to breath in or smell like we just smoked a pack of cigarettes in 45 minutes. Options Breathe or Freeze! 5. The television did not work, there were wires hanging in the back window where the telephone for the passenger/driver should have been and refreshments that were suppose to be included were non existent ( I would not have drank anything from that car anyway!) 6. We arrive at the airport and the driver stopped the vehicle @ least 12 ft away from baggage check in and merely sat the luggage on the sidewalk. My husband and I had to maneuver with 2 toddlers, 4 suitcases, and 3 bags!! 7. This guy had the audacity to tell us the rate had increased because he had to wait outside of our house!!!!! I wish this were an untrue story.  I spent months planning our first family vacation.  I did not bargain shop for a limo. I saw one of LaSalle's Limos @ Swissotel Chicago and asked that particular driver for a business card. Once on vacation I had to spend 8 hours of my well planned vacation looking for arrival transportation from midway back to our house due to our return date being prom night for NW Indiana and Chicago. I am waiting on a response on how Management @ LaSalle plans on making this situation right.  If this situation is not resolved within the next 2 days I will continue to post reviews of my experience and report LaSalle Limo to the BBB and Italian American chamber of Commerce and whoever else that will listen.
