We booked tickets for Barcelona Chicago flight with a connection in Frankfurt (flight LH113 and LH 432) scheduled to depart Barcelona at 2:05 pm on September 28, 2014. Although the incoming flight was on time the flight from Barcelona to Frankfurt was 1.5hr delayed due to the fact that Lufthansa had severely handicapped passengers on that incoming flight that couldn't leave the aircraft and required assistance. During this whole time no announcement were made explaining the delay or giving approximate departure time. Privately Lufthansa gate agent told us that the airline employees cannot remove passengers form the plane and had to call special services to do it which took over an hour delaying our departure to Frankfurt. When we arrived to Frankfurt at approximately 5:05pm (20 minutes before the Chicago flight departure) we immediately informed the gate agent that we are on a 5:25 pm connection to Chicago and asked her to call that gate to wait for us. The gate agent assured us that the Chicago flight crew is aware of us and is waiting for us at the gate. After running through the Frankfurt airport (from gate B to Gate Z) we were greeted by the Lufthansa agent who wouldn't let us on the plane, even the gate door was still open and the plane was still at the gate. There were 12-15 passengers from our Barcelona flight that were on the same flight to Chicago and we were devastated for not being allowed on the board after exhausting run through the whole airport and seeing our plane still at the gate. It was unfair and frustrating. The agent, Mr V. Weeder, told us that they already started the departure procedure and wouldn't stop it because of us even the door is still open. He was absolutely unconcern with helping the passengers which Lufthansa has sold tickets on this flight, and was rude and disrespectful. Later we were told by other agents that they can't let us on the plane because our seats were given away to stand by passengers. If that was the real reason, why we were not offered a vouchers for giving away our seats on trans-Atlantic flight?? As there were many passengers that missed connections because of delayed flight from Barcelona, the line to Customer service was enormous. However the Lufthansa customer service representative told us that this is a normal process, and it was Sunday they are short staffed. After two hours we were rebooked on a morning flight to Chicago leaving next day with assurance that the luggage will be taken care and sent with us on the morning flight to Chicago. Upon arriving to Chicago however out of two bags one was not there and we were told that it wasn't checked in Frankfurt. The bag was never found and now we are waiting for compensation (2 months later nothing was received yet) Our main impression from flying Lufthansa was that its employees were unprofessional on every stage of our journey. They primary concern was to follow procedures, but not care about their customers. All the problems that we encounter during this trip were created by Lufthansa employees, their lack of training and indifference to their passengers. 1) Lufthansa took aboard severely disabled passengers (3 in this case) without any skill or a process in place on how to handle them, in disregard and direct detriment to other 150-200 passengers of the next flight. 2) If these disabled passengers required a special crew (as we were told) to remove them from the plane, why this crew was not waiting at the gate and it took more than an hour to bring it?   3) During this whole time no announcement were made explaining the delay or giving approximate departure time 4) Seeing that the flight is being delayed and its passengers are at risk to miss it connection on trans-Atlantic flight, no attention or effort was given by Lufthansa airline to make sure so many passengers won't miss their connections. 5)  There was no reason not to take us on the plane, which was still at the gate, other than Lufthansa's taking an advantage of the situation that it has created itself, and kicking passengers off from oversold flight to an undersold one on the next morning without giving any compensation to passengers and with complete disregard to inconvenience to so many people. On the whole, Lufthasa's employees incompetence have created a situation with the connecting flight delay and instead of trying to remediate it and help its customers to get on connecting flight, exploited it to its advantage as inexpensive way to get them off from oversold flight to Chicago.  We found this unprofessional, illegal and disrespectful
