I paid ~$200 more to fly Lufthansa from SF to Istanbul, then when we realized the arrival time was midnight, paid another $163/per person ($326 total) to switch to an earlier flight to arrive at 4:50pm, so we have some afternoon time in Istanbul and a good night's sleep before joining the 13-day hectic land tour.    Well, the flight was delayed 5 hours from takeoff in San Francisco.  Passengers sitting in the gate lounge all afternoon got very little information from Lufthansa staffs.  The flight was scheduled for 2:55pm.  At 5:00pm, there was still no announcement. I approached the gate counter staffs and was told boarding will start at 6pm. Well 6pm come and go, then we were told 7pm.  Finally they did some announcement, blaming the delay on TSA. and/or computer malfunction.The English version was difficult to understand.  You  think they would use a better English speaker. $15 Vouchers for dinner was announced only in German, none in English.  We were wondering why lots of people were standing in line.  Someone sitting nearby told us that they were distributing dinner vouchers.  So we got the last of the vouchers and when we got to the cafe, there was another long line and some items were already sold out.   Boarding finally started at 7:30pm and takeoff an hour later.  We missed our connecting flight in Frankfurt.  There was a Turkish airline flight but we were told that it was full.  Well, we waited for 4 hours at Frankfurt airport.  We got to Istanbul at 3am, to our hotel nearly 4am.  Needless to say, we lost an afternoon in Istanbul and a good night's sleep.  Our breakfast was at 7am and tour started at 8am, and we were dead tired. Now, we paid $163/per person, $326 total, for this earlier flight.  I think we are due at least a refund, not to mention the inconveniences and lost of an afternoon sightseeing in Istanbul.  I have called Lufthansa Customer Service, emailed them too, but todate (4 days now) have not gotten a single response.  Our tour company, Gate 1 Travel, to whom we paid the airfares and supplements, also refused to do anything about it.
