----- Original Message ----- From: lufthansa_customer_relat… To: rogerabbit@dslextreme.com Sent: Wednesday, November 16, 2011 1:19 PM Subject: Lufthansa FB 21428585JD Dear Mr. Gates, We are in receipt of your correspondence and thank you for contacting us regarding your recent experience. Being in the customer service industry we rely on passenger feedback and take your concerns seriously. Lufthansa has an excellent reputation for assisting those with special needs and it is apparent that we have not met your expectations.   I can certainly understand how being assigned a specific seat can make a significant difference to a passenger's comfort on board.  A review of your reservation history verifies your request for bulkhead seating on June 24, 2011.  Your reservation is well documented that you were advised exit row seating was not possible and that bulkhead seating could be requested at the airport.  Lufthansa staff will do all possible to honor pre-requested seats, however, this cannot be guaranteed. Regarding your mention of EU NO1107/2006; allow me to explain that flights to/from the United States are regulated by the Department of Transportation Air Carrier Access Act for Passengers with Disabilities (14CFR 382), effective May 2009. A carrier which provides advance seat assignments, as Lufthansa does, can use the "blocking" method to provide seating accommodations.  Accordingly, Lufthansa blocks a section of the forward bulkhead for passengers traveling with service animals and those with a fused or immobilized leg until 24 hours prior to departure.  The remaining seats are assigned on a first come, first serve basis.  Per 14CFR 382.85 we cannot re-assign a seat already allocated to another passenger.   Please be advised that passengers with medical conditions may not be assigned to the exit row due to safety reasons. Nevertheless do apologize for any miscommunication that transpired. Lufthansa crews are trained to be professionally courteous at all times and I am sorry if this was not your experience.  Your comments have been recorded for internal review by the in-flight management team.  I certainly understand your desire to sit in Business Class, however, crews are not permitted to offer complimentary upgrades. Mr. Gates, I realize that this experience has left you with a less than positive impression.  Although I cannot honor your request for compensation,  I am pleased to ask United to credit your Mileage Plus account with 5,000 miles. We hope you will provide us the opportunity to regain your confidence on a future flight. Sincerely, Jean Bari Customer Relations North America Lufthansa German Airlines PO Box 425 East Meadow, NY 11554
