Almost always on time (unlike me).  Clean.  Relatively cheap (from here as opposed to the CTA, it's only 10 cents more but gets you downtown MUCH faster). Typical complaints I see come from people who don't pay attention and people who are complete morons.   Lack of attention example from last week: Lady screaming at the conductor for charging her a $2.00 service fee which she had "never heard of."  When asked why she didn't purchase a ticket at OGILVIE IN THE AFTERNOON, she explained that "there wasn't anyone from whom to buy a ticket."   Moron example from last week:  Girl on the train last week trying to use a USED one-way ticket and claiming that she thought it was a weekend pass.  Also someone else on a later train trying to use a weekend pass on a MONDAY and getting angry that someone sold them a pass on Sunday night. There are SO MANY ways to get a good value.  Obviously, 10-rides are a deal.  More importantly, take advantage of STOPOVERS.  I can't stress that enough.  For instance, I live in Oak Park, have friends on the north side, and work on the North Shore.  Coming home from work,  I can ask the conductor to punch my 10-ride for a stopover in Rogers Park , hang out with my friends in the city, and then take the rest of the ride free.  So many people don't even understand the I's and O's on the cards - that's what they're there for.   Metra isn't perfect.  In particular, I find that they cater to wealthy areas WAY too much.  I guess financially this makes sense, but the Union Pacific North Line is a shining example with like 10 stops in the Evanston-Winnetka corridor.  (When you can see the train picking up passengers at the previous station as you wait, that's ridiculous.)  Those people generally all drive their Lexus SUVs to the train station anyway, so I think we could cut down each of those towns to 1 stop each and make the whole line about 15 mins faster.  Come on, Metra! In addition to the preceding paragraph, I will also note that the bathrooms have been really crummy lately.  Maybe it's the winter?  Seems like they cut back on keeping those things maintained, but hey, even they're a luxury. Overall, I stand by my introductory comments.  Metra is solid.
