Ahh, how I love the Metra! Let me start by saying that I've been taking the Metra for the last 11 years, and I'm still a big fan of it. I'm thrilled I live three short blocks from a station on the Milwaukee North Line. The trains are clean, and the presence of the conductors really enhances onboard safety. I've come home on the Metra late at night at, and unlike someone (*cough, cough* CTA), I have always felt safe on the Metra. The ride downtown is pretty quick, and I enjoy gazing out the green-tinted windows at the different neighborhoods of  Chicago. My train arrives at Union Station, which isn't as nice as Ogilvie, but that's not a big deal. Union Station certainly has character that Ogilvie doesn't have. If you have have a few minutes at Union, make sure to check out the Great Hall.   As much as I like Metra, I do have a few minor gripes, which is why I took one star away. First of all, in the past year or so, I've noticed that my inbound trains have been arriving later and later. Now I can pretty much add 10 minutes to the listed time of arrival of the train I take downtown everyday. This is especially irritating when it's hot outside and beads of sweat are dripping down my forehead...Also, I am concerned about the air quality within Union Station. When you get off the train, look up at the ceiling. It's completely black from all the soot the locomotives release. The air is hazy, and today I found myself coughing all the way to the train (I don't even know how an asthmatic would react). Perhaps Union has to replace the air filter, but something must be done. Finally, WE LIVE IN THE 21ST CENTURY. Metra, meet Wi-Fi. It's a nice little thing that will greatly benefit all passengers. Many people have rides lasting over an hour, and that is an hour of productivity (or perhaps leisure...) lost by not having Wi-Fi onboard.   All of these years, Metra has been good to me. There have been some recent issues, but hopefully Metra can work them out. Metra is reliable (though it may arrive fashionably late), and it has a very extensive network throughout the suburbs. They also sell an unlimited weekend pass for $7, which can save lots of money. My friend and I always talk about getting that pass and just riding  the Metra all over Chicagoland, but talk is cheap. Who knows, maybe when we have a free weekend on our hands (not quite as rare as a yeti sighting, but still...), we'll actually go on a Metra adventure. For now, I'll just stick with my daily Metra commute downtown.
