When we arrived, we were directed to a  location where there were no available parking spaces.  We were then redirected to a new location which was completely impossible to get to because the lot is so packed.  We finally found a parking place on our own, and the shuttle was right there to pick us up and give us a quick and courteous trip to the airport.  So far, so good.  Four stars up to this point (one off just for the hassle of finding a parking place, but this would probably be true regardless of where we had chosen to park, so oh well). When we returned from our trip 6 days later, I sent a text as instructed, and received an immediate confirmation that the shuttle was on its way.  Our ticket said to wait for the shuttle on the "middle island" outside door 4LL.  There were two sides to the street, and two islands between them.  There is no "middle island."  No big deal though.  We waited at the first island where all the signs said "charter busses," reasoning that at least from there we would see the shuttle coming from wherever.  The problem was that busses kept coming and parking right in front of us, so we decided to go to the second island (or as we saw it,the "other middle" island, and shortly thereafter watched as the shuttle approached and parked at the far end of the first island  by another charter bus sign.  We walked  about 60 feet and crossed the street to the shuttle.  It took us maybe 15 or 20 seconds to get there.  The driver was not even out yet, but  when he did step out, we were instantly greeted with "You know, you weren't standing in the right place; I don't pick people up who are standing where you were."  We did not complain about the  60 foot, 20 second walk.  He did.  By the way, we were the first to arrive of 3 groups to be taking this particular shuttle, so his attitude was unnecessary at best.  He rolled his eyes at another customer who could not find her return ticket, and mumbled to himself as he loaded everyone's bags onto the bus. When we arrived at our vehicle, he brought my bags to me and stood and watched with his hand out as I placed them into my trunk.  I handed him a five, reasoning that despite his terrible attitude, he did provide the service I needed, so he deserved at least something.  The other passengers declined to tip him, obviously feeling as mistreated as I did.  When I handed him his tip, he simply turned and walked away.  No "thank you," or "have a nice day."  He just took his tip and looked disgusted as he got back onto his bus. All in all, I got what I paid for, so I cannot complain too much.  But a little bit of simple courtesy would have made me feel a lot better about doing business here.  I know  I got everything I bargained for, but is it too much to ask that someone would treat me like he appreciates my business, at least a little bit?  Given the other reviews here, I suspect I just encountered a bad employee on a bad day.  I cannot believe that everyone is treated this way, or there would be more negative reviews.  It really was that bad.  So . . . I will be a return customer the next time the need arises.  Hopefully next time will be better, and I suspect it will.   This employee was not wearing any identification, or I would include his name and would have already reported his conduct to the business.  He is a larger African American man,  probably a little over six feet tall and around 220 pounds, relatively short hair, probably somewhere in his 30's or early 40's, with what appears to be a permanent frown or scowl built into his face.
