Review from a person not well traveled and never stayed at a hotel before. My basic understanding of a hotel, when we arrived there, was a place where they gave you a key to a room with a bed and a bathroom. So, for me, this place ended up being a big luxury. We went to Chicago as a very late honeymoon trip (arrived Thursday, checked out Sunday). My husband picked out the hotel. All we were looking for was a nice balance of price, hotel condition (we didn't want to go to a slum, but didn't want to pay the price of the fancier hotels and we wanted our own bathroom), clean, and located near the places we wanted to visit. The Hampton was that and more. When you arrive to the Hampton, you will be directed to go to the lobby on the 4th floor (elevator button "L"). There you will be greeted by someone at the service desk who will explain the basics, ask why you're in town (they use this info to help you out), and give you a card which is your room and elevator key (you can only get to your floor with the key! The elevator has a special card reader, no key no going anywhere other then ground level and the lobby). Free cookies when you get there. The woman who greeted us was very nice and very helpful. She helped us figure out how to use the subway system (something we've never used before), gave us a list of places close by, and even mapped out the directions to the one place we were going which was not in walking distance for us (it was automatic, this lady was an info grabbing machine!). Our room was wonderful. Free WiFi, which was great because we brought a laptop with us to map out our day. Laptop lap desk included if you want to compute in your bed. You can control the temperature in your room. The window curtains are double layered, one shear and one black out. King size bed! Everything is clean and neat (room service every day to tidy up and replenish), including cute ways of folding your bathroom towels and folding a little triangle at the end of your toilet paper roll. There were complimentary soaps of various kinds in the bathroom (mouthwash, shampoo, etc.) with a sign saying that they had other basic needs in case you forgot them. Free coffee you could make yourself (located in the bathroom). There is a book with all the info you need and room service menu if you are into that. They also have a big TV and game controller (we didn't use them). The free breakfast was great. It isn't fancy, but it has a lot of variety both hot and cold. Vegan friendly! Eggs, breakfast meat, and another hot item for the day (seasoned potatoes one day, gravy for biscuits another), plain oatmeal with add ins, bakery and bread items (toaster available), make your own waffles, cold cereal, fresh fruit, yogurt, juice, hot drinks, and various condiments. It was way more then I was expecting, and helped us out because we had trouble finding breakfast spots. Eat all you want, the only limit is the time when breakfast ends. Leaving and in a hurry? They can make a pick up bag for you! Check out is easy. Just dial 0, tell them you're checking out, and leave your key(s) in your room. Once you hang up, pick up your stuff and leave (just don't forget anything because once you leave your key in your room you are locked out). No need to go to the lobby or see someone. Highly recommended. Great balance of price, service, and location.
