My family of four (with kids ages 2 and 7) stayed here for two weekend nights on the "Family Fun" package. With a $25/night upgrade, we were provided with one of the Hilton's renovated/updated rooms that was a little larger than standard and provided two full bathrooms. There was a long line at the registration desk, but being Hilton Honors members, we were in a short line of only two guests. I felt a little bad for the non-member guests as when one of their customer service reps became available, they called me over to check in! Checking in was seamless with a welcome as a Hilton Honors member, our wifi code provided, breakfast vouchers provided and parking validated and confirmed that it was "in and out" parking. Our room was beyond our satisfaction. Everything including the window sills was clean. The beds were fairly comfortable. Extra pillows were requested and were there upon arrival, as were a couple extra towels. The room was extremely hot upon our arrival, so we called guest services as our thermostat was not working. Within five minutes, an "Engineering" service rep arrived and fixed it. We had plans that evening and left the room quickly. Exiting the parking was easy with no problems. Arriving back at the hotel with our validated parking ticket was no problem either. The following morning, we took advantage of our included breakfast downstairs. Turned out it was a buffet, which was one of the best breakfast buffets we have been to. Scrambled eggs, omelets made to order, pancakes and hot syrup, oatmeal with a multitude of toppings, dumplings and rice, sausage and bacon, a full fruit bar, yogurt, milk, homemade breads, muffins and croissants and we were served orange juice and coffee. The coffee was horrible, but the service was great as was the food. Saturday night, in-town friends stayed with our children so we could attend a family member's graduation commencement. They enjoyed a swim in the pool and time in the hot tub. They're only complaint was that the pool is divided into lanes, two of which are set up for laps only leaving one lane available for leisure swimming/playing. Towels were provided at the pool and while the pool was a little chilly for the kids, it was enjoyed for a little while. Sunday morning breakfast was tricky. It was only being served until 10 am due to their Mother's Day brunch. We arrived at the restaurant at 9:40 and were told the buffet was closing in 5 minutes and there was a 10 minute wait for a table, so we were kind of out of luck. However, the hostess was gracious enough to provide us with to-go containers and get us orange juice to go. So, we piled up an assortment of food and another server brought us a bag with plastic ware in it. And, the manager made sure we had everything we needed. It really was a nice accommodation for us. So, we headed back to our room to eat. Checking out was easy with one phone call as our bill (or folio) was all set. The Hilton Chicago is located about one mile south of the river (where the "Magnificent Mile" begins). If you are looking to stay amongst the hustle and bustle, you need to stay in a hotel more north of here. For a family with kids who drove to down and needed a reasonable rate and parking, this hotel was perfect! We will definitely be back if the Hilton continues their Family Fun package! Sorry the review is so long. It was truly a great stay, though and wanted to make sure all details were included (I appreciate thorough reviews on TripAdvisor and hope you do as well!).
