I came here yesterday to check out the new look for Holiday Inn, and I was blown away. I've never visited this hotel before so I don't have a basis of comparison except for the Holiday Inn in Tinley Park (I stay there at least once a year with my company). The Holiday Inn Chicago Mart Plaza is NOTHING at all like the Holiday Inn in Tinley Park. For one, it's so much more prettier at the Chicago Mart Plaza location. The views are magnificent! They probably have one of the best hotel views of the city. I went on a tour of the renovation of the hotel. Debra was a delightful tour guide. It probably helped that Andre W. was on the tour with Kenny O. and I; he had her cracking jokes with us throughout the tour. We met Nicole in the hotel room; she told us about the free wifi at the hotel. The room was spacious. They even had room for a sleeper sofa. I was also taken by surprise by the luscious, dark purple curtains and dark wood furniture in the room. It looked nothing at all like the lighter wood furniture they have at the Tinley Park location. The room at the Chicago Mart Plaza looked almost as if they could belong in the Starwood hotel group; the color scheme of the room is similar to my Starwood membership card! If all of the Holiday Inn hotels are going to be renovated in this manner, I'd happily cancel my Starwood membership and opt for an Intercontinental Hotel Group (IHG) membership instead. Unfortunately, Debra told us that it looks like only the Holiday Inn in the major cities will have this look. We also had a tour of the swimming pool and fitness room. I forgot the name of the guy showing the fitness room, but he had us roaring with laughter when he said that he was sweating internally. The swimming pool was rather large; I hadn't expected that in a Holiday Inn hotel. I don't think I ever thought there would be one because prior to my visit last night, I had always thought of Holiday Inn on the same level as Days Inn or Best Western. At least that's what the Holiday Inn in Tinley Park looks like to me. The fitness room was much larger than any of the hotel fitness rooms I've been to. They have maybe 3-4 treadmills and ellipticals. They even have one of those multi-purpose weight training machine (I don't know what this is called). They're opened 24 hours and they have clean towels for you to wipe down. It was pretty neat. They even have a sauna room. Here's a cool thing that I didn't know about this particular Holiday Inn (not sure if it's applicable to all others): Children 13 years and under can stay at the hotel for free. They can have breakfast buffets for free too. I was pretty surprised. And the food at the event? It was pretty good. I'm not sure if they had this all catered, or if they served us what they'd normally have for hotel guests, but it was not bad. I had a little beef sandwich; I tried a bacon wrapped date stuffed with almond; I tried a bean hummus on a mini crostini; and I also tried an artichoke and I-forgot-what-kind-of-cheese beignet. They were all delicious except I wasn't too fond of the bean hummus. They've definitely convinced me to consider booking at a Holiday Inn hotel the next time I'm in need of a hotel room. I really like the new renovations, and I hope they'll eventually extend it to the rest of the Holiday Inn hotels.
