ONE BILLION DOLLARS I totally feel like Doctor Evil but that is what Holiday Inn spent across the board to add new life to there hotel locations.  And 30 million alone was spent just on this location and it really shows. I was lucky enough to get a preview of all of the improvements and I've now changed my view of the Holiday Inn. I've attended functions here in the past and the banquet room was always dated even though the views were amazing. After the renovation the banquet room now compliments the stunning views of downtown Chicago.  I must say, "Well done Holiday Inn. I am really impressed." I was equally impressed with the food. Perfectly cooked meat, flavorful pasta dishes, delicious grilled veggies and sliced meat trays. I couldn't eat it all but I wanted too. The staff was very nice too. Everyone was incredibly helpful. The wine selection was great and the bartender was really efficient at keeping customers happy. A well trained staff can make or break your event. We were also able to get a tour of the new hotel rooms. The views from here are breathtaking. The location of the hotel gives great vantage points of the river including views of the Sears Tower (yes us locals still call it that). I could just sit here all day and night to just simply enjoy the view. The rooms were also really modern. The couch in one of the rooms is also a pullout sleeper which is important when traveling with kids. I loved that the clock radios have a place to plug my iPod in. I can now be the DJ in my room. This is important to the frequent traveler because I never know any of the good radio stations in other cities. Now I don't even have to search the dial. I just plug my iPod in and I'm rocking. The pool area is really nice too. I loved the atrium over the pool which brought in nice natural light. The lounge chairs around the pool had fun colors and were really comfy too. But my favorite area was the workout room. There was plenty of cardio machines to choose from. I typically use a hotel fitness room on all of my trips and this gym did not let me down. All of the equipment was new and had great views of the pool. I am also sure that you would never have to wait for equipment with the amount that they had. There were also some dumb bells and a Nautilus machine for working out the legs and arms. Another great feature that I loved was the free Wifi throughout the hotel. I never understood why hotels would charge there guests $30 a night for Internet when you are already paying a ton of money for the room. This free guest amenity is worth the price of a hotel room alone. I also have my new favorite bar on the 15th floor. It is located just off the lobby of the hotel and it is called Cityscape. It has amazing views of the city. In fact, there is one magical table at the point of the bar with views of both branches of the river. I would like to claim this table the "Anthony Table", so if you see me come in please move to somewhere else in the bar. Ha! I can dream can't I? There are also specials in the bar from Sunday to Thursday. I would check with the bar on the different specials they have but I know that Thursday has a $6 any flavored vodka drink. Now that is the way to start off the weekend. The lobby is also spectacular. There is a giant water fall and the middle is open all the way up like an atrium. In fact, I was running a little low on battery juice and noticed that the area by the waterfall had plugs everywhere. I could plug in anywhere near a couch or a chair and keep posting pictures (which is the reason my battery was dying in the first place). More hotels need to be conscious of customers needing places to power there devices. I must say that I have changed my view of the Holiday Inn. When I was a little kid the Holiday Inn was the cool hotel, but along the way the product became dated. I find it amazing that the Holiday Inn has returned to its commitment to being a top brand again. This flagship location in Chicago shows me how amazing the Holiday Inn can be, even if just for a local Stay-cation.  Personally I wish I did not live in Chicago because this would be my preferred hotel of choice when visiting this great city. So hopefully you are traveling in from out of town and you are looking for an incredible hotel, then look no further then the newly remodeled Holiday Inn Chicago Mart. You will be loving every minute of your stay just from the views alone.
