Great hostel & very good location - everything was clean and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the quaint area (definitely ask them for food recommendations if you're a foodie). Transportation: With good timing, I think it took me about 35 min door to door from airport to hostel; otherwise probably 45min (I stayed here for 2 weekends, so I did this trip a few times). It's a block and a half from the Division Metro stop, a bit past the Wendy's. The blue line runs 24hrs, and it's about 3-4 stops down to Millennium Park/downtown. I plan on staying here again if I'm ever in Chicago. Cleanliness: Felt clean! Actually it felt much cleaner and safer than when I had to stay at the Super 8 earlier that week when I traveling in Illinois. Breakfast: They had some bagels and spreads, as well as cereal&milk for breakfast, which really is fine for me considering I was eating my way through Chicago. They have filtered water (so bring your water bottles to fill up) and I think their coffee selection will get better once they have the coffee shop up and running in their front store though! They also have a functional kitchen (even with toasters for your bagels) - and I saw one lady who was there with her family make a full hot breakfast! Ambiance & Noise: The downside is that the communal area isn't much of a hangout - seems like folks are engrossed on their phones while eating breakfast rather than wanting to know each other; so while it isn't the fault of the hostel itself, it would be nice to build that up a bit or have hostel events in the future. My roommates were all really nice and I hung out with them a bit. In terms of noise, it was a pretty quiet place other than the last night I was there I think some girls were talking right outside the room door for quite some time since they were quite loud, or the walls were just a tad thin. It's a hostel, so that's normal. Security: The place seems very secure, requiring a card key to enter after hours (though if you forget your key you can always ring in). Never felt my belongings were not safe in the room (since you also have your card key for access into the room), but I don't think the individual lockers had a way to lock them though. Or I just didn't know how, which is also very possible as well.
