I was invited to their recent #ChangeYourView event to check out the new renovations here and had a great time!  The hotel is great (I've stayed here once for an anniversary and have plans to celebrate another there), the new rooms are nice and modern - definitely book a corner room, they're a little larger and come with a killer view.  There's also a pool and fitness center. The newly revamped lobby is great, with soothing brown and green tones  and a large water wall plus there's  the Italasia restaurant.  Where you should go though, is the Cityscape bar.  It has gorgeous views, a great menu (you can order from the full restaurant menu and they'll deliver it to the bar), and well made drinks.  There' s nothing better than sitting by the window on a snowy day with a glass of wine and watching the lights of the city.  I love love love the quiet atmosphere. I've been back to the bar on several occasions and can't wait to go back.  The service is hit or miss, but the cocktail list is impressive and drinks are always spot on. My 2008 Wedding Review I had my wedding here and it was AMAZING! Everything from the moment I viewed the space through writing the last check was a fantastic experience. Barbara Martin is incredible. She is so calm, professional, attentive, and relaxed me whenever I spoke with her. The food is great, and the view from the ballroom takes your breath away! I had a 5:00 November wedding ceremony and reception here and everyone could not stop talking about how fabulous it was. I was so happy I decided to get married here. The Cityscape bar is great, great views too. You can go straight to the merchandise mart and never go outside, which is great for elderly guests and also makes for great pictures. AND the Bridal Suite is soooooo cool. It's two stories and has spiral staircase. I felt so special all weekend. I can't gush enough about how fantastic, incredible, and special my wedding weekend here was! You will not regret working with Barbara and the Holiday Inn for your event!
