We were just over the moon for everything at our wedding reception- the staff, the food, the decor, the space, and especially how well we and our guests were treated and accommodated. So the big day finally arrived (April 5th, in case anyone wants to remember us on our anniversary, hehe). Following a beautiful mass we headed over to the Holiday Inn Mart Plaza for the best party of our lives! When we got to the hotel we went up to our complimentary bridal suite to freshen up. Boy oh boy was it swanky! It was HUGE!!! The bathroom was giant, there was a dining room with a long table, a fridge, a living room, and a separate bedroom. We also had a full wall of windows looking out over the river. Our parents' complimentary rooms were also huge with amazing views! Downstairs at cocktail hour, Barbara and the gentleman who was sort of running our event (I wish I could recall his name- he was just fabulous!) were waiting for us. They escorted us into the main reception room to let us have a look around. We LOVED it! Our up-lighting added such a fun element to the room, the candy table was set up perfectly, the centerpieces and tables and votive candles looked great. And of course the view. Oh how it made the room sparkle! Barbara made sure we were happy with everything. I have to say- they outdid themselves. They dotted all the i's and crossed all the t's and didn't leave out a single element or detail. They remembered to reserve two seats at each parent's table to ensure that our parents got the best view of the room. They put an anniversary card at each table making sure the table number corresponded to the number on the envelope. They put the flip flops out by the dj's table and made sure that our VERY expensive VERY delicate cake topper made it onto the top of our cake safe and sound. Out in the cocktail room they did a beautiful job decorating the tables and arranging all of the framed photos of our parents' and grandparents' weddings. Barbara and her crew made everything PERFECT! To the best of my knowledge there were no hiccups. And if there were any, they made us blissfully unaware of them. :) I also want to add that they were incredibly accommodating and sweet to us and our guests. When my SIL's nanny took her baby upstairs to bed, the nice gentleman brought a filet mignon up to the nanny and reported back to us that our nephew was fast asleep. I also recall that when we were seated for dinner Barbara came up to my hubby and I to check in and to see if we needed anything. I also recall Barbara telling me to make sure I eat something as she's sure I haven't eaten all day (she couldn't have been more right!). Her genuine kindness always shines right through and I really think she's a truly fabulous person- a class act all around. We also had a late night hot dog station which wound up being a huge hit with our guests. The crew over at HI put out all the fixings and the nice gentleman (whose name I can't recall) was SOOOO sweet. He actually got 3 hotdogs with all the fixings and brought them to my hubby and I out on the dance floor. Really sweet and really thoughtful. I later found out that my father wanted to taste the chili for the hot dogs but by the time he went back for a sample, the dogs had all been eaten and had been cleared away. He asked that nice gentleman if he could get a chili sample. And of course he ran into the kitchen and got my father a small bowl of chili. It made my dad's night! My dad still talks about that hot dog station! I'd also like to mention that at the end of the evening the nice gentleman made sure everything was packed up with care. As I mentioned earlier, our cake topper was both expensive and fragile. They treated it with the same TLC you'd treat a newborn baby and it made it home in perfect condition. The leftover cake was all packed up and stored overnight in the hotel fridge. They packed up the remaining candy, decor, picture frames, etc and they brought everything up to our room for us. When we got to our room that night, we found a few sweet surprises from the HI to us! Don't fret, I won't spoil the surprise for all of you future brides! The next morning we had a private breakfast for our overnight guests. The staff working this event were wonderful as well. Attentive and eager to please. My new sister-in-law wanted a cheese danish but I ate the last one (oops). One of the guys working our breakfast overheard my SIL mention that she'd love a cheese danish and he ran to the kitchen and got an extra one just for her.  It's a little thing, but it's all those little things that differentiate good from outstanding. They did too many little, extra, wonderful things to list. We loved everything about our HI wedding reception. I can't say enough exemplary things about Barabra and the entire team over at the HI. Thanks to them for being a kind, thoughtful, hardworking crew. They really made ours the wedding of our dreams!
