I stayed in an 8-bed female dorm with an ensuite bathroom while I was attending a conference in Chicago. It's one of the cleanest, most well put together hostels I've ever stayed in (even by European standards). We had one toilet, one shower, and two sinks between us and never had trouble sharing. There were additional bathrooms down the hall in case of emergency, though. The room was cleaned daily during the 3 nights I was there (although they don't make your bed, sorry kids) and the place was spotless. The location is also great, right in the Loop. Not that I saw much other than the view from a shuttle bus and the inside of a convention center. The building was very secure - card swipes required to enter the elevators, to make the elevators go up, and to get into your room. Every person had an assigned bed and locker in the room. The lockers were not big enough for a suitcase (even my carry on rated one), although one of my roomies did manage to forcibly squeeze hers in. I brought two locks, though, one for my suitcase and one for my locker and was able to store my suitcase under my bed without issue. Breakfast was fine, coffee was fine, nothing exciting, but way above expectations considering I don't expect breakfast from a hostel. Random note - if you get a top bunk, in my room there were no outlets for the top bunks so if you're the kind of person that wants to cuddle with your cell phone (or use it as an alarm clock, because who actually owns alarm clocks these days?), you'll need an extra long cable. Also, if I could take off half a star I would for misinformation about parking on the website. The website directions tell you that there's a parking garage across the street that will give you $35 a night parking with validation. The garage is actually valet parking only and $39 a night with validation ($55 without validation). I wanted to be able to access items in my car during my stay, so this was really disappointing. I ended up moving my car to the convention center garage the next morning, which was actually cheaper than the Park 1 garage. The person on duty did suggest trying SpotHero, but I wasn't able to find anything much cheaper that way. Long story short, if you come to Chicago you should stay here.
