My sister found this amazing deal that I seemed to miss on Priceline express for this particular hotel. The prices were so awesome, that it made me a little weary. We weren't able to get as great of a deal because we booked a week later than her, so we decided to go through their website. Oh well, we wanted to make sure we were staying at the same hotel as them, because we wanted to spend time with them prior to us flying to our separate coast the next morning. My three year old was a little bummed, because we had the business class suite at the Hilton when we first flew into Chicago. But he was not disappointed once we arrived. The parking is pretty pricey. We did the valet and it was $55 for a whole day, but you could have the driver bring it out whenever you desired  with no extra charge. My gracious brother-in-law tipped the guy $20 on top of it. So all you have to do is pull in front of the hotel and the valet will park for your car for you and you can head right in to do your check-in. Apparently the pricing around the area is the same for parking, but walking back to the hotel might not be that fun, especially if you have a bunch of luggage.  So make it easier on yourself and do valet. Just my recommendation. What excited my son was the art work that they had outside, it was really neat. There are a bunch of pictures of it on Yelp. There are two separate entries into the lobby area. One of them splits off to Troquet as well as the lobby.  I loved the entrance hall area. It was a modern with a touch of rustic-chic.  The feature wall had blocks of wood set into it, there were beautiful lamps throughout the place, and a modern phone with an old school feel. Off of the lobby was a little bar, which is also where you get your free coffee. The check-in was rather quick and if you use their site, you get a voucher for a free wine. The restroom is out of sight, it is right by the check-in desk. You could also climb the stairs off the lobby and settle in the quaint sitting area on the second floor. It was apparent why our room was a little pricier than my sister's, we had a much better view as well as more space. They had one bed in theirs' and we had two.  The hotel was very charming, as well as all the employees. We were really happy with our stay. It's in the perfect part of downtown, you can literally walk anywhere from here. We will totally stay here again! Did I mention FREE Wifi!!! You can also check-in early without paying an extra fee!!!
