I'm a bit of a brand loyalist, and Kimpton is one I stick to. Over half of the hotels I've stayed at in the last decade have been a Kimpton site. I especially adore their flagship brands-within-a-brand like Palomar or Monaco. On a recent business trip to Chicago, I stayed at Hotel Palomar. When I lived in Chicago, I used to frequent the hotel mainly as a diner (or drinker!) at Sable (which I also recommend!). (Sable has a fantastic brunch and of course, they are widely regarded for their dangerous cocktails and cheeky mixologists.) There are numerous reasons why I enjoyed my stay at Hotel Palomar. First, as realtors say, "Location. Location. Location." The hotel is located in the bustling, boisterous, and beautiful River North neighborhood adjacent to Streeterville/Michigan Avenue and within walking distance to the Gold Coast and the Loop. As a former River East and Printer's Row resident, I know to avoid Michigan Avenue, but when you're visiting town (especially if it's your first time), it's good to know it's around the corner. Moreover, River North contains some of the best or most popular (gotta make the distinction between "best" and "popular") restaurants and bars in Chicago (i.e. Tanta, Paris Club, Slurping Turtle, Eataly, Siena Tavern, Naha, Frontera Grill/Topolobampo/Xoco, Sunda, RPM). Second, the hotel is tastefully-appointed. The lobby features accents of modern European, Asian, and American designs with some funky yet chic furniture. Somehow all Kimptons manage to incorporate wild prints and fixtures while keeping it tasteful. My room had a lovely living area with a sofa that could easily seat about six people. There was a good sized desk facing east into the neighborhood. The bathroom had a jacuzzi, and the shower head was this massive Moen (I believe) contraption with multiple functions. I wanted to stay under that shower head all day. The water hitting you was so therapeutic -- like this fantastic liquid massage. The bed was comfortable and (at least in my room) faced a huge floor-to-ceiling window overlooking the city. I couldn't get enough of that! Third, the service is always impeccable at Kimpton hotels. At this hotel, service was spot on as usual. Every request was met. Even little things I appreciated and took note of: for instance, when I requested for more towels, the reception desk called me and asked if it was okay to knock on the door because I didn't realize my "Do Not Disturb" sign was still up. Fourth, they have complimentary coffee and tea in the morning and then of course, (everyone's favorite) a wine reception from 5-6 PM. The weekend I was in town, they held a baseball-themed happy hour with complimentary flatbreads, fresh lemonade, and craft beer as well. They even made baseball seem tres elegante! Fifth, Kimpton Hotels like to promote wellness -- another reason why I am a Kimpton devotee. Even when I'm on vacation or on a business trip, I must find time to work-out. They have a 24-hour gym located on the 17th floor which is also where the indoor pool is. Whether or not you stay at Kimptons on a regular basis, I would suggest joining the InTouch program because it grants you complimentary wifi access in rooms. There is also the "Raid the Bar" perk which allows you to spend up to $10 in the mini-bar (which usually covers a bag of candy and a soda, but hey, I can't complain!). Another great thing about Kimpton hotels is that they provide toiletries that are *not* generic. Hotel Palomar provided shampoo, conditioner, bar soap, and body lotion from C.O. Bigelow Apothecaries. Something else to keep in mind about the property: If you plan to be out and about late into the evening, you should keep your hotel room handy. They lock the hotel lobby doors after 11:30 PM (?) which requires a swipe of the hotel key. That feels a little college dorm-y, but I suppose it's safety-related. Hotel Palomar is an all-around 5-star hotel. It's elegant and luxurious without pretentiousness. It's a place for folks with discriminating tastes who are unwilling to pay twice the amount at a stuffy Ritz-Carlton or shell out a similar amount for a basic Hilton-type with minimal character or personality. Location, furnishings, service, and amenities: they all hit high marks at Hotel Palomar Chicago.
