Another great stay at the Indigo.  We stayed 3 nights 4days and had a great time. This place is laid back casual, not super luxurious in 'all' aspects, but clean and definitely adequate in what really counts!  --and location x 3   I don't know about some of the complaints but we had no problems w/them---No bad smell in lobby & I have an extremely strong sense of smell. (sewer or cigs) I don't refute other reviewers, we just haven't experienced this.  I didn't book with 3rd party/maybe you should book directly with Indigo & as we did and still got a great deal.  I called the hotel directly 2 times before we came to make sure of our requests.  They said they appreciated it.  I do my research w/their specials & we always stay during a great offer on parking.  They don't own the garage, so $$ isn't totally up to Indigo.  The bedspreads 'are' heavy but we peel them off/don't use 'any' hotel spreads!  Do your research! -don't like the arty décor' means you didn't look @ pic's, duh  The hotel a li'l older?  Yes, Are you paying $300 or $400 a night in Chicago? no All the rooms are different so this is the review for this visit.  See 1st review too! New pros:  New flat screens not out dated old ones  Spacious room with good view. Still--clean room, hot water, fluffy towels, comfy beds, free Wi-Fi--fast enough Sweet little housekeeper that met all our requests, was happy to tip her each day! OK service at the front desk (one snafu, see below) New Cons:  Water pressure was very low-but nice hot water & we got clean  The doors still slammed loud, especially if your neighbor was insensitive about it.  It would be a great idea for the doors to have signs reminding people. The last night the front desk rented our room to someone and gave them a card key.  They started to walk in and quickly backed out w/lots of sorrys.  I guess it didn't bother us because the people were so polite, and we were dressed & just watching TV before dinner.  We could have been in a compromising situation.  The guy that made the error at the front desk didn't really apologize or offer anything.  I thought it was a major error.  He didn't seem like front desk material.  (Tues Oct, 7 2014--for management info)  In the morning I asked the gal we checked out with, if they figured out what happened.  It was my way of letting someone know about it.  She of course said she didn't know about it but immediately offered us extra points for his error. --still love this place and will stay here in the future!
