I found this place through BringFido.com of all things, and I am SO glad I chose to give them a try. First off, terrific location. Close enough for me and the pup to walk by Millennium Park and down to Grant Park on one day, and over to the Shoreline Tours' Michigan Ave location the next. The Memorial Day parade also happened to go right past the hotel, which was an added bonus that I hadn't planned on. Also, service was seriously excellent. VIP treatment all the way. Every employee we encountered went out of the way to be friendly and helpful, from the doorman -- who not only kept an eye on the car for me while the valet was tied up but also gave the front desk my name so that by the time I walked up to the desk everything was ready for check-in -- to the front desk personnel, to housekeeping who showed up with a dog bed and supplies immediately after we requested them. Since I left on the day of the aforementioned parade, valet had to bring my car across the street, and a bellman actually walked with me the block or so over with all of my things. As for everything else, it's been covered in other reviews, but the free wine hour evenings, free coffee/tea in the mornings, and the amazing dog-friendly touches -- treats at the front desk, any pet supplies you could want available, no pet fees -- all contributed to a basically perfect travel experience for me. Their restaurant even let me order some food "to go" since dogs (understandably) aren't allowed inside actual eating establishments, but then brought it to me in the hotel lobby. If you join their loyalty program, which is free, you get free wifi and the privilege of "raiding the minibar" for up to $10. They have yoga mats and bicycles available for use. And their rates are more than reasonable -- I snagged a deal for $99/nt. Amazing. Considering that's a negligible amount over many crappy motels, especially since some charge pet fees, it's a no-brainer. Even at double the price I'd have stayed here and come away feeling like I got my money's worth.
