I was scared to death about trying the Bed and Breakfast experience. Something about community bathrooms, eating breakfast with strangers, and a seemingly-haunted old Chicago house just doesn't sit right with me. That said, I ended up at the House of Two Urns, and I was pleasantly surprised. The "house" itself is divided into two "houses." The main house is where the owners live, and the other one is down the street and holds some apartments which are rented with daily rates. I ended up staying in both places, which gave me a good indication about how the place is all-around. In the main house, I ended up in "La chambre des chats," aka "the cat room." It is full of photos, antiques, and toys that resemble cats, seemingly to a creepy degree. The stay itself was comfortable as soon as I could get over the idea that I had hundreds of cat eyes looking at me all night. The worst part of the stay was the fact that there was a painting in the stairwell of a family sitting down to Thanksgiving dinner with horrified looks on their faces because the mother was serving what appeared to be a human head in the shape of a ham. That, and my closet had a window in it that made the ham/head peer at me when I walked in. *Shudder* The woman who runs the place is great. She's a decent cook too. The food (after all, that's what Yelpers care about) was fresh and tasty every morning. Cuisine ranges from quiche to french toast. Everything is all-natural, and her recipes are inspired from her travels around the country/world. One morning, we were given a blackberry compote followed by french toast with chicken/apple sausage. If you have the cash, try staying in one of the apartments. They have jacuzzi tubs, full kitchens, and comfy beds. If you have enough people, rent the whole thing out - otherwise you may end up with some stranger roommates. I think all Bed and Breakfasts have to be a little weird, which is why the quirks about Two Urns didn't make it lose any stars in my book. For a first-time Bed and Breakfast experience, I couldn't have asked for more. I didn't wake up with a knife-wielding innkeeper at the foot of my bed, so what more could I ask for? I'll be back, I'm sure.
