I stayed here this January for an artist's retreat. I spent the first half mostly working, and my partner joined me for the second half in which we played tourist at the various museums and ate deep dish pizza (which I discovered is an abomination, sorry Chicago). I stayed in the Alcova room, which takes up most of the top floor of the house. It's newly renovated, quiet, comfortable, huge, and perfectly clean. The bed was comfy (I only used one, though there were three in the room), the desk has a view of the cute neighborhood (which is a short walk from Wicker Park, one of my favorite hangout areas), and there's a massive selection of Disney films on VHS. I imagine this is where families are often placed when booking; I saw inside some of the other rooms downstairs and they're quite small. I noticed someone else gave a bad review for an issue arising over neglecting to mention they were bringing a child, but if they did mention their kid, they could've ended up with the best room in the house! Because I was there for the artist's retreat deal, there were fresh-baked goodies waiting for me every morning in the kitchen downstairs (cinnamon buns, pistachio-chocolate chip muffins, banana bread, SO awesome). A late afternoon tea was offered (sandwiches, treats), but I wasn't around often to enjoy them. Other bonuses of the retreat were a trip to the Roger Brown house, plus visiting an artist in his studio and a salon (dinner/presentation) with local artists on Saturday night. It was nice to have opportunities to socialize and learn about Chicago arts when I was otherwise being mostly a shut-in or adventuring alone. I can see how some reviewers here and on other websites had issue with the "coldness" of the host; there are very detailed instructions and rules on how to stay at the inn, and I think that reflects on rather strict innkeepers. But I spent a good amount of time with both Kapra and Miguel, and honestly, they were positively delightful. I wonder if there are such specific rules/instructions because they had guests in the past who were disrespectful of their rooms and amenities, which would be easy to find offense in, especially since you're staying in their home. Other cool things: short walk from Pohalanka (best Polish food I've ever had), free laundry, awesome art everywhere in the inn (some pieces of which are made by the innkeepers, others which came from various local artists and have interesting back stories), reliable wireless internet, cheap cab ride from the Loop if you don't feel like walking to the train station. Overall, my stay was delightful. I'd recommend this for the writer's/artist's retreats, as well as a regular stay. It's fun because it really does feel like you're staying in someone's home (much cozier than a hotel), except you get spoiled rotten with delicious breakfast/snacks and someone picks up after you. How much better does it get?
