Thank you Booking.com for this amazing deal! This hotel is breathe taking. It totally has that architectural feel to it. We stayed here during our "wanna get away" trip and were amazed at the gorgeousness of this hotel. It is upscale, modern, trendy, and fancy! They have a huge lobby with free wifi and the rooms, although appear small, are very spacious. My friends and were lucky enough to be on a higher floor, so the view of the city was a treat! The customer service here is 5 star! From the front desk to the cleaning crew...they are so hospitable and very nice! For instance, while walking to the elevator, the cleaning crew told us to have a great day and gave us a few tips as to where the best eateries are. The fitness center is amazing and open 24/7! Exercise during vacation means getting to eat more Chicago deep dish pizzas and Italian beef, oh and hot dogs! The treadmills and ellipticals face the Chicago river, which has an amazing view of the city skyline and amazingly tall buildings! They even offer yoga classes in your room. They have all the fitness equipment in the fitness center (located in west builiding, 2nd floor). The hotel is only a couple of blocks away from major tourist attractions (Millennium park, The Loop, and the Red line is nearby to go to Wrigley field!) Also, the boat tours are right by the Chicago river, everything is walking distance from this hotel! Great hotel for tourists and annual conventions! There are 3 major restaurants here, as well as, a bar, which was really cool. It's called the "Big Bar"...I know...very original, but the decor and the the alcoholic bottles and beverages available were very artistically displayed! There is a market on the main lobby floor that serves a whole bunch of snacks and breakfast options. They serve Starbucks coffee, but do not take your Starbucks card (FYI). Anyway, taxi service is fairly fast! I'm still amazed that the taxis can hear that whistle from far distances and come right away! Will definitely have to come back tot his hotel when I'm in ChiCAgo!
