So cozy. After the plane ride to Chicago and the long taxi ride to the hotel, I was so tired I fell asleep on the bed right away. I came for the 2014 IEEE exhibition where my company is presenting. Pros- Clean, the views!!, so comfortable, free WiFi available (premium available too), quick air/heat, the bed/ pillows, amenities, shower. Sink separated from bathroom and was huge! Cons- Not many outside of the typical issues. Ceiling was slightly peeling in the bathroom. Small bathroom, but only contains toilet and shower. Huge sales tax, but nothing the hotel was at fault for. I don't know about parking or TV (I was here for work, no time for TV). Windows open a smidge. Enough to be safe and yet have the breeze come through. The bed!! Amazing. Not so great for taller folk (past 6'5" and your toes hang off the edge). A billion pillows, which I love. Different types and firmess/softness, so you can choose according to your need that day. Great view of the lake from the bed~ :) Air/ heat- Turned on quick and worked just as fast. Goes up to 80F. Ample seating. Had a bench, lounge chair, and two work chairs by the desk. Closet has a small safe, iron and board, laundry bag, dry cleaning available, and ample shelf space to place my carry on and laptop bag. Sink!!- Huge! I'm glad for the separation from the bathroom. I don't use much makeup (only eyeliner and chapstick). I see the counter space as more than enough for three girls who cake it on. Shower/toilet- the room is small. Claustrophobic enough for ya? In the shower, there's plenty of shelf space for three girls who need every product in the world. (And it's not that small plastic rack that can't hold the soap.) Room service- Ahhhmazing! So quick. Once when my breakfast arrived, I was in the shower. They took it back downstairs and gave me a call (twice!). When they brought it back up, (10~min after I had missed it, I came out of the shower) the food was still steamy and not dried out at all. I like to test out the limits of hotels. They have a "Complimentary Convenience" card or such where you can see the items you can request and borrow. I requested hair spray, mouthwash, extra shampoo/conditioner, shoe mitt and horn, extra shower gel, slippers, toothbrush, curling iron, flat iron, a robe, and a steamer. No complaints or bitchiness! Items came within 30 minutes. :) Room cleaning- I tend to pick up after myself, so I don't have things laying around. I came back from the exhibition to a clean room with all my requests fulfilled. (New towels and extra blankets!) Great hotel. Linked to the convention center for our exhibition. I will stay here again. 25th floor with a beautiful view of everything from downtown, the Sears tower, to the lake. Ahhhmazing.
