On a very surprise birthday weekend, my boyfriend told me what to wear and that's about it!  Our first stop was the Hyatt Regency.  When we checked in the woman asked if we were in Chicago for any particular reason and we mentioned it was my birthday.  A couple minutes later she informed us that she had changed our room with a better birthday view.  I was completely unsure of what that meant, but when we got up to the room- the view out of the window was amazing! I love the city, so being able to see a lot of it when I woke up the next morning was stellar! We had brought some of our beer and realized the fridge had it's own drinks/food already stored in it so we pulled a bunch out to let our beer get cold.  Let me tell you- don't do that! It's weighted! When my boyfriend went to check out and pay the next morning we had a ton of charges for water, pop, juice and tons of things we didn't drink.  He explained to him what we did, and they were nice enough to take it off the bill without even coming to check to make sure we put it back.  They were very nice about it and completely understanding which was great. The night we got there, we had a drink in the "Big Bar," where their drinks were in fact... BIG.  I wasn't ready for that so I just had a cider with a shot of fireball whiskey in it- one of my faves!! The bartender was great, it wasn't that busy and it was a nice little happy hour for us. Finally I was told what the rest of the evening had in store for us and we got ready in the hotel room which meant... I used a curling iron.  I can't tell you how many times I leave my house and think, " Did I turn that off?" We realized that it was getting pretty late so of course in order to hurry, I didn't make it back into the bathroom to fix my curls and... you guessed it! I left the curling iron not only plugged in, but turned on!  As we were in line to get into the Aviary (check it out- you'll love it), I yelped (get it?), "OH MY GOD!" My boyfriend of course knew right away I had done something wrong and said... WHAT..... I said I left the curling iron on!!!!!!! He immediately called the front desk and asked if they could go in and turn it off.  It was probably a hassle because they had to have security go do it bc it's against their policy to go into rooms.  Either way, it was taken care of and when we called about 20min later just to make sure they had done it- they said it was taken care of immediately.  AWESOME! and Sorry! I really enjoyed staying here- pretty big room, great shower, a hair dryer that was in it's own little bag and not stuck to the wall.... A couple chairs and a nice large comfy bed with extra pillows!  Add waking up to the beautiful city and I'm pretty sure there's no doubt on my 5 stars!
