Located a block off Michigan Ave on Upper Wacker Drive you will find the Hyatt Regency is one of my favorite hotels in Chicago. I have stayed here on numerous occasions and have to admit that I have never been disappointed. When you first arrive you notice the amazingly open multi-level atrium, the first floor consists of a Market Chicago, Starbucks, and plenty of open seating. When you are ready to check in you will need to head up to the second floor to the hotel lobby, where you will find a self-check in station and friendly staff welcoming you and helping you check in. This is a busy hotel often hosting conventions and a large number of guests so the lobby can get crowded and congested, however the concierge and hotel staff are very accommodating. Bellhops are available for checked bags, making dropping off your luggage before checking into your room a breeze. The rooms here are stylish and comfortable and offer some great views of the city, especially on the higher floors. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was large and even offered a rainfall shower which was a nice addition. Internet is an additional fee, starting at $9.95 for 4mbps and going all the way up to $39.95/day for 12mbps download speeds. Seriously overpriced!! I have never tried Stetsons Modern Steak + Sushi or American Craft Kitchen, however if you need a drink and don't want to leave the hotel you are in luck, downstairs in the main atrium is BIG Bar, a bar known bar large oversized drinks. Seriously these drinks are not the ones found at your local neighborhood bar. Prices are fair considering you are in a hotel and their size. However a better value can be found elsewhere. One of the great things about this hotel is location, you are only a short walk from the Chicago River, Magnificent Mile, State Street, and Navy Pier. Access to the subway is only about a 2 block walk, making it easy to get practically anywhere in the city without much hassle. Parking can be a little expensive at $59/night, however there are cheaper options nearby so take a look at SpotHero and you can save nearly half.
