First and foremost, my travel agent, Aimee at Island Getaways is 100% responsible for my great wedding experience in Riviera Maya, Mexico.  So all of the following details were figured out hand in hand with her, she really went above and beyond myislandgetaways.com I should note that I live in CA and Island Getaways is located in IL and WI, and this made no difference at all. My husband and I knew that we wanted to go to Riviera Maya, Mexico for the small wedding we had (~30 people) but were not exactly sure on what resort.  We had a previous trip to El Dorado Royale for a birthday party last year (also planned by Aimee at Island Getaways) and had a great time, so this resort was definitely in the running.  We got engaged in mid-December and I contacted Aimee probably the next day to ask to her to pull some options on resorts so we could get a ball park idea of cost.  She had info to me literally starting that same day. We decided on our first instinct and chose the El Dorado Royale which is beautiful and had excellent food and service.  This is an all inclusive resort and both times we had great experiences, and my friends and family members would say the same: eldoradosparesorts.com Aimee worked with a variety of wholesalers and was able to provide us with a wedding package that included: A free wedding ceremony, resort room pricing discounts for all of our friends and family, credit back to my husband and I based on a tiered structure for how many guests were in our party and thus each room booked, free upgrades on each room booked (which our guests did not know, so that was a GREAT surprise for them upon arrival) a free welcome reception with food and private bar tenders at a private location at the resort, free wedding make-up done at the resort spa, and a discount off of any private events we booked such as a private reception we had after our dinner which included snacks, music, private bar tenders, a private location and best of all, a donkey! All of these details were coordinated between Aimee from Island Getaways and Carolina, one of the wedding coordinators for El Dorado Royale.  I spoke at length with Aimee about what I wanted and my budget and she made it happen. We sent out electronic save the date / invites that Aimee created and sent to our guests from her email account.  This was key as it included the information on the Travel Agency and how to contact and work with Aimee to ensure that everybody who could join us had an easy and efficient way of making their plans.  I did not want to be a middle man in the emails back and forth knowing and so directing the guests directly to Aimee from the start worked out very well from a planning perspective.  All I had too do was send her the email address for our guests. There were a few of our guests that do not have email access, so I took the information and pictures she used for our electronic save the date / invite and created a card version of this on Shutterfly.  I sent this to about 10 people and also to our parents and kept one for us as a keepsake. The wedding ceremony was on the beach, exactly like we pictured it. In all honesty, our wedding exceeded my husband and my expectations, it was even better than we had hoped for and we have Aimee at Island Getways, Alison and The Bustle, Carolina from El Dorado, and Claudia from Claudia Rodriguez Photography to thank for this.
