For our family vacation our travel agent, Aimee from Island Getaways had suggested we go to Beaches Turks and Caicos for spring break as it was something different than our previous trips she had planned for us to Mexico, but still great for children and not too far of a plane ride, as we were traveling with our three children all under 6 years of age.  My husband and I were convinced from our agent to try something new, which we normally would not have done.  We trusted in her and with the guidance from start to finish, including off property recommendations & tip lists, guiding us directly to our transfers, as well as giving us on property contact information we were confident that all we had to do was show up and have an amazing trip.  We are so glad we did.  Thanks to Aimee, we have another favorite getaway. Our stay was nothing short of amazing. Upon arrival at the resort, we were immediately attended to by registration in the Key West Village, handed hot wash clothes and a glass a bubbly and shortly thereafter were shown to our room. We were pleased to find out that Aimee had arranged a free upgrade from a one bedroom to a two bedroom, two bath suite for our family the room was amazing (she even sent us a thank you note to our room with a welcome gift). We definitely received Royal treatment.  Our girls are still talking about it--and hoping for a timely return. Our family enjoyed the laid back feel of the Key West village at Beaches, and we are thankful that our travel agent knew it would be best fit for us.  It was not far from the centrally located pool but was just far enough that we had solitude and privacy when we needed to nap the kids. We left the resort only once for lunch, we went to Bugaloos for some conch and a swim. Cab rides are expensive on the island, but we are thankful we followed our agents advice and experienced This island restaurant. The kids loved it here and it was fun to see the island off the resort.  The kids could walk forever in the ankle deep crystal blue water while my husband and I shared a fruity provision. Overall, our stay at Beaches Turks and Caicos is unmatched. As we travel frequently, we rely on the help of Aimee at Island Getaways aimee@myislandgetaways.c… for her expert advice on where to stay and where to go. We are forever grateful to have her at our service, as we would be lost without her guidance.
