Our Destination Wedding at El Dorado was like a fairytale.  We were lost in trying to figure out a location that would accommodate all of our guests with varying budget needs so we enlisted the help of our Travel Agent Aimee from Island Getaways guided us here.  We are so thankful that we found Aimee who guided us through the entire process of planning a wedding in another country and coordinated seamlessly the individual travel for each and every one of our guests.  She was flexible and easy to reach at any time and most importantly saved us and our guests a lot of money and possible headaches. Our wedding date and days leading up to it was storybook.  We worked on the planning for approximately 9 months prior to our wedding date with the onsite wedding coordinator and our travel agent.  We stayed in the Casitas section and our guests stayed in the Royale side (budget friendly) as well as the Casitas (more luxurious).  We even had a few guests including my sister who wanted to bring her children but since we chose an Adults Only resort our Travel Agent had them accommodated at the neighboring sister resort, Generations, which is connected to the Casitas and my sister & brother and law had unlimited access to the Adults Only side.  It worked out fantastic because my husband and I didn't have to compromise our choice in having an adults only resort. Our wedding coordinator Valeria that our travel agent chose for us was fantastic.  She detailed out with pictures and prices all the options to make our wedding unique and fun.  We had a private welcome reception with our guests the night prior to our wedding rather than having a rehearsal dinner.  Our Travel Agent arranged this for us complimentary.  It was a great way for our friends and family to all get to know each other, I definitely recommend going this route.   Valeria was on point with all our details and kept an ongoing spreadsheet so we always knew where our budget was at. Our guests were all across the board in whether they wanted to relax or explore off the resort.  Some just wanted to sit at the pool bar and soak up the sun while others wanted to explore.  Our travel agent took care of each of our guests excursions as well as our group excursion (my husband and I planned a booze cruise for all our guests as a gift for coming) prior to departure. We are so very happy we chose El Dorado for our special day.  After our return we received a credit based on the number of rooms booked.  We actually forgot about this credit that we learned about in our initial planning stages and our Travel Agent sent us an email letting us know what our credit was going to be about a week after we returned.  We were so stoked and we are going to save that money to put toward our Anniversary return visit to Casitas.  Definitely go with a Travel Agent when going through the Destination Wedding process.  It helped us to take the fear out of the "unknown".  A big shout out to Aimee from Island Getaways (aimee@myislandgetaways.c…), she was awesome throughout our entire planning process and we could not have done it the way we did without her.
