How I enjoy flying with you! +1: FIRST CHECKED BAG FREE.   How excited can I be to free myself from stuffing a carry-on roller board into your overhead bins?  Carry-on is not large enough to pack for a 2 week trip and lifting it over your head is very dangerous for you and other passengers.  PLUS why hold up boarding time and fight for space when it could be avoided under the same fee? +1: LEG ROOM I'm an average 5'4 female and I appreciate having 4 inches of extra knee room.  It makes me feel less of a sardine breathing down the neck of the passenger seated in front of me... and vice versa with the creep behind me. +1: SNACKS Who here is sick of peanuts and pretzels?  ME!  jetBlue offers a variety like potato chips, popcorn chips, chocolate cookies, animal crackers, and more.  Plus, you can ask more more than 1 bag. +1: TRUE BLUE REWARDS / GO PLACES Their rewards system is amazingly easy and the points dont expire as long as you get/use points at least once a year.  I have the Amex True Blue so as long as I make a purchase (3 pts per dollar) once a year, my points will never expire.  No blackout dates and any seat is mine for the taking.  After 2 round-trips, I already have enough points for a one-way trip.  Also, did you know you can get points for Facebook check-ins at official jetBlue airports?  Basically you get points for flying and showing up to the airport. +1: SERVICE I enjoy their employee's service.  They greet me warmly and they're actually take the time to make you smile.  Example was my flight from Chicago to Long Beach, I guess there was a delay of our plane arriving at the gate.  The front gate employee kept us informed and thanked us multiple times for our patience.  It wasn't those automatic apologies but sincere.  After we all boarded, he took the time to come on-board the plane to thank us one last time for being patient and wished us happy holidays.  Seriously, thank you for your sincerity... front gate male employee for 21 Dec 4:45pm departure from ORD to LGB. +0.5: STEREO JACK I hated how other airlines used a 2-prong headset jack just to make you purchase their low-quality headphones.  Not at jetBlue, you can bring your OWN headphones and enjoy your directTV shows or XM radio. Still room for improvement / suggestions: - On-board wifi please!  (Coming soon in 2012; jetblue.com/flying-on-je…)
