what a fabulous hotel.   1 - its gorgeous.  its a new hotel in an old building and if you look carefully at the windows, you can see that they installed new ones right behind the old ones.  everything is very pretty and very clean.  i was only there for a day so didn't get to use the facilities, but the lobby has lime/lemon flavored water and plenty of seating and tables if you're waiting for someone or need to have a discussion.  and if you order something from the lobby bar and they don't have something you want, they'll whip something together for you. 2 - the staff is great.  from the bellhops to doormen to the people who check you in.  my manager dropped off my bag for me and when I went to get it, there was no tag and the bell hop was asking me to name things in the bag so I could prove the bag was mine.  he then accompanied me upstairs to see if my bag was in my room in the case that i have a huge freakout about losing my stuff.   3 - the rooms are pretty high tech -  you can plug in your computer (sadly not ipads yet) into the computer and use the keyboard and mouse (on the remote, weird i know) and work with the huge lg tv.     there is a dock/alarm clock for ipods/iphones and they provide cords to plug in your computers as well. and apparently if you want to change from the music to your computer to the tv, there's some button to press. the rooms are very luxurious - the robes are super luxe, i'm thinking of getting one for my apartment actually.  the curtains are so good at blocking at light that i kept thinking that the sun wasn't out yet, despite it being well past 7am.  bathrooms have lighting mirrors, nice bath/shower, oh and are larger than most.bath products could be better though, still prefer the ones at four seasons the best, i'm such a snob.   minus: - no free wifi! i still can't believe charge for wifi, weak signal at best.   - not many hd channels and the tv setup was a bit too complicated for me.   - be careful of the mini fridge! they will do automatic deductions if you move anything.   still minuses are not enough to ruin this experience.  wish i could had stayed longer!
