Quite enjoyed my first stay here at the Kinzie. First off, the location is aces. If you're into all the touristy things and want to be close to the Michigan Avenue action without all the congestion this is a really great spot. Walking distance to Navy Pier, some great restaurants, the river, the Loop (and subsequently the AI and such) etc etc. It's also very close to a Red line  stop and several city wide bus lines (e.g. Clark and Broadway/State) if you're familiar with the city and want to get around to other parts of town easily. The beds are incredibly comfortable and the linens are nice and soft. Each room also comes with a bathrobe which is also nice for lounging in if you want to change before you go out but you're not quite ready to that yet. Amenities are great. There's a small fitness center which does the trick. There are a few treadmills, an exercise bike, and a couple of ellipticals (all with TVs which is nice if you're like me and get bored on them) plus some weights and mats. There's a complimentary breakfast served every morning on nearly each floor (which I didn't take advantage of since I had breakfast at the office but it looked great!). Plus a happy hour every day with beverages and apps (I was given 3 complimentary tokens to redeem for a beverage when I arrived). The bathroom is nice and big and I loved the double shower heads. Felt so good to take a hot shower in there after coming in from the freezing Chicago winter. H20 products in the bathroom were also awesome. Love that stuff! Free wifi makes catching up on work here a breeze as well. A couple of cons (but maybe not enough to knock it down a star) The rooms are smaller. But that's to be expected at a boutique hotel. They have size where it counts, though--big bathrooms and a king sized bed are all I need. A little extra space to roam, maybe stretch are not a bad thing for me but it's not a deal breaker. Staff is kind of mixed. Some folks I spoke to were extremely nice. Others were more aloof. Again, not a deal breaker but something worth noting. Mini bar stuff is ridiculously expensive. That's par for the course at a hotel but $7 for a large Fiji water is crazy. There's a 7-11 around the corner and I went there and got the same bottle for $2.50. Overall though I thought the Kinzie was great. Clean, comfortable, quiet, and ideally located make for one solid hotel in my book.
