Long story short, I was coming from a different hotel that was not able to extend my stay for another night. So on the morning of my current check out I was on the search for a PET FRIENDLY hotel and would allow an early check-in. I came across La Quinta during an online search and it honestly looked too good to be true. And I'll tell you why. I called the front desk - thinking booking over the phone would be faster. And it was! The front desk associate answered and I explained that I needed a pet friendly room and the earliest check in. Come to found out the hotel wasn't sold out like all the other hotels I called were. Success! I was already smiling. Second, third and forth I found out that pets were free and had to be under a certain weight, parking was available in the garage next door and the hotel offered free breakfast. Oh and I could check in immediately and by this time it was 9am. I was beyond ecstatic at this point, and of course booked the room! I quickly packed up, checked out of the current hotel and headed for the La Quinta. The hotel was in a prime location, a walk away from Millennium Park and Willis Tower. I pulled up to the front to check in, come to find out later they had their own drop off area on the other side of the hotel HA. The lobby was clean and you could see the entrance to the indoor pool; that I didn't know about! Check in was super easy, I just had to sign a waiver for my dog. The room was HUGE, CLEAN and comfortable. Flat screen (surprising some hotels haven't upgraded yet), Keurig coffee maker, microwave, and mini fridge. The entire window area was a long desk which was perfect for housing shopping bags and food which the other side could be used for the laptop(which is what we did). A cute couch that was probably a pull out but I didn't check. The bathroom was average. It did have huge counter space for make-up and bright enough light to do so. The next morning I remembered the free breakfast offer so I decided to check it out. It was more than what I expected honestly. Full breakfast including hot items, I think it was eggs and sausage. Cereal, breads, bagels, juices, fruit, and coffee. You name it, I think it was there. This place exceeded my expectations and thats why I'm giving it 5 stars. I wish I had more time to enjoy the pool and I wish I stayed at this hotel first, then I would've stayed here for my whole trip in Chicago. Next time I'm in the city.... I'll be at this hotel.
