Sad that I've not reviewed these guys yet.  My experience with LaSalle Limo service is limited to only the two following types of vehicles: Sedan and the shortest of the Limo's.  I've yet to had a negative experience with them: Punctuality: 10 of out 5.  They've never been late.  Ever.  Not when I was an undergrad at NU, not when I lived in Streeterville, not when I lived in Bridgeport, not when my parents needed them, and get this, not even when I lived as an "urban pioneer" on the west side.  If anything, I've peeked out my window 10 minutes before ride time, and there they are waiting.  At around 5 minutes before ride time, I'll see the driver dial his cell phone and a few seconds later mine will ring. Cleanliness of Cars: 4 out of 5.  I've only had one instance where the little minibar area in one of the standard limos had like...saltine crumbs it in or something.  All the other times the cars have been immaculate inside.  The exteriors are always very clean too with one exception that I'm not docking points for.  I had a flight in February out of O'Hare, and the car that pulled up was slightly dirty.  But guess what?  There was snow on the ground.  And salt.  He had probably just had the car washed the night before too.  Poor guy.  Oh, also - there is one older Lincoln Towncar that has purple tints on the windows.  They look like the type you buy yourself and stick on.  I'd consider upgrading those if I were the company/driver.   Pricing: 5 out of 5. For what it is (a limo service), the pricing is competitive with any other companies.  Frequently you can find 5 dollar off coupons either on their website or in little magazines.   Friendliness of Drivers: 5 out of 5. Can't complain here.  Always courteous, always try to make conversation with me and my traveling companions.  A big plus at 5 in the morning. Knowledge of  Locations: 4 out of 5. With relying on GPS comes a few downsides: in the instances where the waypoint on the GPS is slightly off, the driver may have to circle around if he isn't familiar with the area.  This happened only once, and that was when I was going to the Peggy N. Nature Museum for a formal event.  I mean, getting to the airports isn't really an issue because there's only so many ways you can get to the terminals.  And the number of ways is usually...one. Overall: 5 out of 5.
