I had proposed to my girlfriend a year ago, and she said yes.  I'm still not sure why, but shortly thereafter we decided to have a destination wedding.  The first step we took was to look over all the resorts we could find on our own, and narrow it down to a few options that worked for us.  One of the resorts that we liked the most had a list of their preferred travel agents; and that is where we found Sunset Travel & Cruise. I went in to meet with a representative named Jay, to identify our options and try to make a good decision on where to have our wedding.  Jay was very professional.  He helped me to identify some potential resorts, and rule out others based on his personal knowledge of the area, weather conditions, and activities in the area.  After a week of talking it over with the fiance, we decided to have our wedding at the El Dorado Royale, in Riviera Maya, Mexico. We worked very closely with Jay to coordinate the resort reservations with our guests.  All of our guests worked through Jay to make their reservations and their payments, and they all said he was professional and extremely helpful in answering any questions they had.  Jay was able to get us a group rate at the resort, for a discounted price that was much less than what we would have paid if we went on our own. A few months later we contacted Jay to try and see what airfare options would be best for us, and he was able to get all of our guests airline tickets at prices that were much better than any other options we could find. Closer to the wedding date, Jay also assisted us with planning off-site activities for us and our guests.  He worked closely with staff that were on-site in Mexico, and was able to accurately provide us with all of the information we needed in order to plan our trip. In summary, the travel agent we worked with (Jay) from Sunset Travel & Cruise did an outstanding job and we plan to enlist his services the next time we travel abroad. PS:  I have read a lot of reviews expressing a concern about response time from travel agents at Sunset Travel & Cruise.  The travel agents who work here put in a lot of hours on the weekend in order to make time available for those who can't take time off during the week, which means that they have to take "weekend" during the week.  They also have to communicate with 3rd-party vendors, who don't always reply back as fast as everyone would like.  Nonetheless, our travel agent consistently expressed to us the wait time involved with trying to coordinate and reserve our travel and reservations.
