I'm so overdue to write this review.... but in short, this place should be your go to for expediting documents!  I did a passport through Swift and could not have been more pleased. My husband and I had a very short time to get my passport updated to go to Asia and swift handled it beautifully.  One of the most impressive parts of the whole process is the communication with their team.  Not only are they extremely responsive via email but their system makes sure you know where your documents are in each step of the process and they provide you quick feedback.  In my case, my marriage certificate was not official and I needed to call the county for a certified copy.  As soon as they found this out I received an email from their team with detailed instructions and a note to contact them with any questions.  Once I returned that back to them, I received two more status updates for where my order was in the process and when it was ready for, in my case, pick-up at their convenient downtown office. Two logistic notes about their office, there is metered parking on state street and I found that easily at 830am on a Friday.  Second, Swift shares a building with the Chinese consulate that opens at 9am.  People will start lining up at the door outside of the building earlier, so make sure you go into the building and avoid that hassle! The other important point about the Swift team is that they know the processes for these documents inside and out.  If you are like me and fretting about having the right forms, boxes checked, and documentation, they will spend the time to clarify everything.  Since their office was easy to get to, I chose to go in person, fill out the forms at their computer station, and print them right there!  I also did not have my photos, but they were able to take care of that immediately onsite.   Last thing, if you are in a pinch and forget your checkbook they can also write out the checks to the government on your behalf for a small fee, which for me given my name change rush came in quite handy!
