This is the best deal of the ships operating on Navy Pier, and a great attraction to take the family to when they're visiting. I would highly recommend a trip after about 2pm or so, though, in order to avoid the terrible throngs of school children that often function as under-impressed, sulky moral vampires. This probably goes for just about any kind of public attraction, but its especially true when the story-tellers are trying to get a group engages with an audience that would rather snicker at the word 'spanker' and refuse to get excited about or involved in anything. The wait wasn't long at all, and once aboard the crew allows the riders to get engage by raising the sails, and a little physical activity always helps as a bonding experience to make things friendly and comfortable. From there, you're allowed to hang out and just enjoy the view or the amazing feeling of the wind in the sails, or go down and enjoy the bar, or listen to the different story sessions. I actually really appreciated how informal the setting felt - during one story, the story-teller and a crew-hand got into a disagreement about what type of tall ship sails are better that resulted in them both drawing knives and trying to use the ropes to get at each other. It was all for fun, and even though it made the story-teller lose his place in the story, a friendly dispute involving knives always makes things feel more authentic piratey experience! :D The crew is friendly, funny, playful, and helpful. The story-tellers, particularly Red Beard, seems to have an earnestly deep interest in the history of Chicago, sailing, and the great lake region and thoroughly enjoy the job. Captain "Full-Sail" Roger is also a very, very knowledgeable captain with decades of experiences and a great story-teller in himself. Though he was in plain civilian clothes, when crossed at sea he's known to turn the ship back around after the offending vessel and begin to bellow loudly for his crew to prepare to fire the (working) canons! Every trip I take on the Windy has some sort of fun incident occur! Of course a groupon deal will always make it better, but $30 for the 75ish min trip is completely worth it, and a better deal than other, lamer ships when you can have such a neat sailing experience on a sea-worthy vessel with a rich history.
