What an awesome tour!  As a foodie from the bay area (CA) and as a Yelper, I thought this kind of tour would be perfect during our short stay in Chicago to sample all the local cuisines while listening to some history.  My husband and our 9.5 month old went on the 12 PM Goldcoast tour.  We used the online coupon to save $4 off of the $44 ticket.  Our baby was free (and very good during the tour). I was a little apprehensive that we may get rained out, but we had a perfect day in October.  Our tour guide John led us on a wonderful historical walking tour that included plenty of food for lunch that pretty much allowed me to skip dinner (should've skimped out on my hotel breakfast).   Pizano's - Who knew that Uno's Pizza is truly from Chicago with such history?  I took it for granted in CA.  I LOVED the Pizano's deep dish crust.  I wasn't a fan of the amount of cheese on there, but there's something in the crust that's very unique compared to the Chicago deep dish pizzas in CA.  The crust is drier with more of a crunch.  They gave us a slice of cheese and one of sausage.  I should've skipped out on the cheese pizza to pace myself as I've ran out of space in my stomach later. Sarah's Pastries - Very cute bakery.  I thought the brownie wasn't that small as some Yelpers complained.  Do we really need a huge piece when we have how many more food stops?  The sample wedding cakes look beautiful.  The French macaroons looked delicious, but I didn't buy anything as I know of so many great bakeries back home. Downtown Dogs - one Chicago hotdog, which we ate at the Pipian's Tavern next door.  Since I didn't stop by any of the hotdog stands, I appreciated the hotdog.  I didn't get to eat much of my hotdog, which was fine since I had a nice snack later on.  I loved how the hotdog was a bit sweet and spicy.  I know it's not the healthiest food, but what a treat! Heaven on Seven - gumbo and jambalaya.  I love the presentation of the gumbo in demi-tasse and jambalya on a small plate.  They even gave us free dessert coupon.  The hot sauce bottles along the walls were amazing!  We tried different hot sauces on the table, which was very nice touch. Billy Goat Tavern - very interesting burger joint with a "basement feeling."  It was very well hidden with a great history.  This tavern made Chicago pretty famous.  The cheeseburger was alright as John warned us.  I'm glad we only ate 1/2 since we had so much food already at this point. Purple Pig - beautiful, modern wine bar/charcuterie.  They gave us a soft serve ice cream with olive oil drizzled on top.  Who knew such combination would taste SO good?  The soft serve brought the nuttiness of the olive oil out.  Absolutely delicious and what a way to end the tour! Few keynotes:  Along the way, John showed us different historical sites such as buildings that survived the big fire and historical hotels (Drake Hotel) and neighborhoods (Streeterville).  John used humor to keep us entertained and interested in learning about the Chicago history.  And I'm thankful that the tour was small and person at only 6 adults since we had our baby in the stroller.  Our baby did great on the tour, but I was very thankful to everyone for being patient with us and accomodating to our needs. We had a nice surprise towards the end of the tour.  Lynn, the founder, joined us at the Billy Goat Tavern.  At the end of the tour, we had an opportunity to give him some feedbacks.  He actually took my feedback about his website and I noticed that he's already changed it today!  (We toured yesterday.)  He's efficient!  And he was genuinely nice and down to earth.  I'm glad Tastebud tour is doing really well on TripAdvisor.  Congrats! I'm going to recommend this tour to anyone visiting Chicago.  They're expanding to other cities, so we'll see I can repeat such experience in another city.
