I went to the tour near Mag Mile and thoroughly enjoyed stuffing my face while taking a walking tour of this beautiful city with the free Yelp promo. We met at Pizano's---tried the deep dish and thin pizza with sausage (only cheese was offered as well). I preferred the thin but both were delicious. Two slices were plenty but there were many extra slices available. Our next stop was Sarah's Pastries for brownies. We were given a small, light bite that seemed adequate after a heavy start at Pizano's. I went back after the tour ended to try a yummy-looking strawberry cupcake but they ran out by that time. :( We stopped by The Drake and Water Tower Place for a few minutes before our next food delight: Chicago-style hot dogs at Downtown Dogs. Next was Heaven on Seven, we sampled their gumbo and jambalaya. Following that was Billy Goat Tavern.. I was not a fan of the half-burger we tried but it was one of those establishments that you go for the name more so than the food. I'm glad I never went there before this tour, I doubt I'll go again. It's a novelty. We walked by the Tribune and Wrigley buildings before making our last stop at The Purple Pig. We tried their espresso ice cream and cookies. For the amount of food you're getting in a limited time, this is a MUST for tourists and Chicago natives who enjoy learning about some Chicago/culinary history. I find it ideal because you could not cover this much food in three hours any other way. Sure, some portions are small but the collective amount of food is just right. If you went on your own, you'd have to order full entrees, spend the equivalent or more and be too full to eat anywhere else. There's a lot of walking involved so wear comfortable shoes and dress appropriately for the weather. You'll receive (and you'll want) maps, restaurant information, menus, etc. so I'd recommend to bring a bag or bookbag to hold everything. If you have any dietary restrictions, please let them know at the time of booking. Lynn, the owner and our tour guide, told us about his exciting future plans. Check the website for tour changes! Part of the proceeds go to Lynn's favorite charities.
