(Sung to the Gilligan's Island theme song) Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale, a tale of a tasty trip, That started from Pizano's port, aboard this tiny ship. The mate was a mighty painted paddle, the Skipper brave and sure. Nine Yelpers set sail that day for a three hour tour. A three hour tour. The weather started getting rough, The tiny ship was tossed, If not for the courage of the fearless Lynn The Yelpers would be lost, the Yelpers would be lost. Ok, so there was no ship and Lynn (our guide and owner of Tastebud) isn't a sailor - at least that I'm aware of - but the weather did start out rough. However, in true Chicago form it was beautiful by tour's end. Here are two key pieces of advice to getting the most out of this tour: 1) If you have dietary restrictions (vegetarian, allergies, etc.) let Tastebud know at least a day in advance so accommodations can be made and you can have the best experience possible. 2) Skip breakfast. I was running a bit behind schedule and didn't have a chance to eat anything before the tour, that ended up being the best oversight possible as you could've rolled me home! The tour is great, a fun way to learn about the history of some Chicago favorites and the city itself. As Lynn states, he makes no guarantees that you'll try the best (fill in the blank), but you will visit a business unique to Chicago; typically one with a very interesting story. That's not to say the stuff you try isn't good, it's damn good. So good, I was glad to be wearing something with a stretchy waistline. Lynn explained early on that the tour takes a somewhat leisurely pace; you won't rush in and out of places, which I really enjoyed. We had plenty of time to enjoy our food, chat a little and stock up on souvenirs. Tours are $44 (I was lucky and got to attend gratis), which I found a fair price for a 3+ hour tour, a chance to taste food at 5 different establishments, and a nice little history lesson. The smaller group size makes it relatively easy for the group to get in and out of restaurants with little disruption to the business. A walking food tour is also a great combo, it gives you a chance to burn off a few of calories along the way. Bottom line: I think this tour is a fun way for tourists and locals to spend an afternoon in the city.
