Like Megan G, I was also one of the "guinea pigs" who was on one of the free Tastebud Tours for Yelpers on August 1. I had to kill time because I followed the (erroneous) note to show up an hour early instead of only fifteen minutes early, but it was nice to chat with Yelpers old and new with the down time. Our tour guide was Lynn, who is also the owner of TTC. The goal is for participants to enjoy a walking buffet of "Chicago" foods while also getting a taste of not only the foods but the history and behind-the-scenes anecdotes supporting the dishes. While we stopped mostly at dining establishments, we also walked by and through significant historical places and landmarks (Drake Hotel, Water Tower Pumping Station, John Hancock Center). Yes - this is a WALKING tour so be ready to do a healthy amount of walking, rain or shine. Besides, you can walk off the calories that you will consume on the tour.   The first stop of the Magnificent Mile tour is at Pizano's Pizza on State (there is also another parallel tour that covers the Loop and Millennium Park areas). While Pizano's may not be as famous as some of the other Chicago-style pizza establishments, it has a rich family history that gives it "cred" in the deep-dish game. We all tried some thin-crust and deep-dish pizza, and its crackling crust does the trick for me. We spent some quality time at Pizano's, also in part because this is the first stop so there was time needed to set the ground rules and expectations (water provided at most stops! bathroom breaks along the way! pay attention when walking outside!). Next was Sarah's, a chic pastry shop on Oak Street. This was the shortest stop, barely longer than the time needed to inhale the fudgy brownie sample bite provided to us. Next was Downtown Dogs, where most of us ate the "typical" Chicago-style dog with all the standard trimmings. This was a regulation-size hot dog, so it certainly brought my stomach to the point of satisfaction at halftime. This ain't Hot Doug's, but it certainly does well as your typical Chicago dog.   Next we went to Heaven on Seven, which in this case is on the second floor (unlike the original location on Wabash, which is actually on the seventh floor). They still have the wall of hot sauce bottles here at this location, along with a see-through kitchen. We enjoyed our beans and rice and jambalaya samples (yes you get shrimp here even in the little samples, no skimping here). A couple of our braver participants tried Da Bomb hot sauce (supposedly the hottest topper amongst their zillions of bottles), and therefore provided a bit of comic relief after a teeny bit of the sauce was consumed. The tour then goes underground to the Billy Goat, a tourist dive if there ever was one. While the half-burger and "gruff service" sideshow may actually put off some people, I actually liked my burger sample. The final stop is at the Purple Pig, a surprising entry when compared with the more typical and touristy places on the list. The Pig may be more trendy than touristy, but it is a hit with our group thanks to the pleasing interiors and the tasty samples of soft gelato (cappuccino) and assorted cookies. If we had not eaten so much already, this would be a great place to linger and eat more food!     It was interesting to run into other "rival" tours along the way (pizza, chocolates etc), so one can see Tastebud Tours becoming a long-run success. It's not just an eating tour but also a spirited 3+ hour walking tour featuring history and architecture, so once can justify the $44 cost of the tour when you factor everything into the mix (there are currently online discounts available). Funny thing - after all the food and ice water I consumed I was still not "full", but that's probably due to all of the walking (my exercise for the day!) and the fact that I can seemingly eat food continuously.
