Words cannot even describe how AMAZING this hotel is. I don't even know where to start, that is probably why I haven't written this review yet. BUT I think it's time to give this amazing place some well deserved credit. Soooo here's the story...I randomly decided to plan a surprise, long weekend get away for the bee/friend, for our 3 year anni. I needed  some motivation to help get me through work AND the last part of Winter. So, why not plan a trip to look forward to?? After much thought and many suggestions from friends, I decided on Chicago!! But wait!! I know nothing about Chicago!! So I spent A LOT of time researching and A LOT of that time was researching hotels. Well let me tell you, there are A LOT of hotels in Chicago!! It was so hard to decide on one! I wanted to stay somewhere nice, but location was key too and not knowing the city, made it that much more difficult. So I just read A LOT of reviews. I weeded out the 3 star ones and so I am looking at 4 and 5 star. Why? I don't know why I spend so much on a hotel. I mean you're not there that much, mostly just to store your things and sleep right? Well, back in October we went to AZ and stayed at a pretty nice resort soooo that was kinda setting the bar for us. Sooo I am reading and reading and reading and I keep reading about this hotel called the Langham. It just had these rave reviews and not just on here BUT on trip advisor too. If you're not sure about this hotel, hop over to that page b/c there are a ton of helpful reviews on there and pictures :) So I am just reading how it's a newer hotel but absolutely gorgeous and amazing service. Then I read about a "club level" what's that?? It's a separate level, that serves breakfast and has tea time and a "happy hour" with drinks and food and it's all included with your stay. What?? Free drinks and food?? Well, you pay extra for the club level BUT still, that sounded pretty amazing. So I became pretty obsessed with this one BUT it was pretty pricey!! EEK!! But when I want something, I want something and I work damn hard to get it. So yep, after a month of research and looking at prices go up, I just booked the flight and hotel together. Now, I really had something to look forward to!! Back to the story, I did pull off my awesome surprise. The bee/friend thought we were flying to PORTLAND from SEATTLE!! Haha that's just so silly but he wanted me to feel special with planning a trip and if that meant taking a ridiculous plane ride to Oregon, then he was ok with that lol soooo we're at the airport and almost to our gate. After avoiding a million questions, I finally tell him that we're not going to Oregon and to look at the flight board for our flight number and he's looking and looking and finally he's like "WE"RE GOING TO CHICAGO??!" It was priceless and just the way I had planned it. Ladies, if you want some brownie points from your guy, plan a surprise trip, it's so fun and your guy will love it!! Soooo we are in Chicago and on our way to our hotel. I'm a little nervous at this point b/c I have been dreaming of this moment and hoping it will live up to it's name. We pull up and already in WOW mode. We walk in and check in at the front desk and the lady was so nice and the check in area is gorgeous. Ok so we go to our room and we're walking through the hallway, it smells amazing btw and unlock our door and walk in and just walk around in awwwwwwww. It was perfect and beautiful! We had an amazing view of the river, the bed so comfy and the bathroom and vanity set is just beautiful. We got settled in a little bit and decided to go check out the club level. Mind you the bf is just BLOWN AWAY at this point so this was just some sprinkles on top. We went up to the club and right away greeted by Carlos, the butler. OMG Carlos is so amazing!! He is soooo friendly, helpful and personal!! He made our stay so comfortable and pleasant, I wish I could just go say hi to him right now b/c that's just how great he was. So he introduced himself and gave us a tour of the club level, which is amazing! During our stay, we ate breakfast every morning. They change it up daily, so eggs, hash browns, pastries, bagels, toast, bacon, lox, etc etc. It was pretty good and a good way to start off our day. We never made it to tea time but we did make it to "happy hour" which had little snacks and drinks..this was my favorite part! B/c we had unlimited wine and they have top shelf alcohol, where you can make your own drink and it's unlimited ;) This is the most amazing hotel and if you're second guessing yourself, DON"T!! It is worth every single penny. We were treated like royalty here and we didn't want to leave and explore the city b/c we wanted to stay in the hotel! My b/f wants to live there lol it's luxury at it's finest AND the service is impeccable. I want to go back to Chicago, just to come stay here again. Simply AMAZING :) :)
