A beautiful, modern and elegant hotel situated right next to the river and across from the Trump tower. My parents stayed here in a corner room with a king-sized bed for their anniversary this past weekend and we checked it out during their stay. The room itself (room 701) still looks brand new and was quite spacious along with a view of the river and Wacker drive. The bathroom amenities were all from the Chuan spa, which is located on the fourth floor, and the stand-up shower was separated from the toilet and bathtub. Double sinks were also a nice feature. Ladies can also do their makeup on the table by the room door as it's appointed with a chair and a large table. The tea/coffee machine is tucked away into this cool cabinet/armoire type of furniture along with the refrigerator of drinks and snack cabinets. Two large armchairs, a desk and a king-sized bed complete the room along with spacious closets, floor-to-ceiling windows, high ceilings and a large flat-screen TV that's on a swivel. The room is definitely bigger and more luxuriously appointed than your regular hotel rooms but then again, this is a five-star hotel that's deserving of five stars too! The check-in area and lobby is located on the second floor and I've heard great things about the spa including the nice gym and pool. We were planning on giving my parents a spa treatment for their anniversary but the nice lady at the spa said they were already fully booked on Saturday (the next day). This was quite understandable considering our last-minute attempt though she did take my phone number down in case something opened up so that was a nice touch (note: no phone call was received so I can only assume they remained fully booked!). The Peninsula is our favorite high-end hotel but with this place being newer, it may just beat it out over time. The service at the Peninsula is still better as they provide a tour/walk-through of the room after you check-in which is that personal touch that felt like it was missing here. However, similar to the Peninsula, they do a great job of remembering and mentioning your name when addressing you. Overall, my parents still thoroughly enjoyed their stay and we did as well for the brief time we did spend with them here! :)
