Top notch. I spend a lot of time on the road, staying at hotels all over the country. I have to say I'm really disappointed in the state of hotels/customer service we find ourselves in today. That being said, I chose to stay at the FS/RC during a weekend between work travel and could not be more pleased with my stay. Knowing that I was going to be on the road two weeks in a row I wanted to stay somewhere that I would feel comfortable. I felt completely at home at the FS/RC. First, the room. I stayed in a Michigan Ave executive suite. It had awesome views of Michigan Ave from both the living room and bedroom. The bed was comfortable and the room was taken care of 2x a day with an evening turn down service. I also really liked the décor as it had quite a modern color palette with light grays and purples. Loved it. The service around the hotel is top notch. They start your stay long before you arrive with a member of the concierge staff reaching out to find out the nature of your stay and helping you out with any arrangements you might need. They were very nice about granting me a later check out. The pool/spa facilities are very nice. They have disposables of anything you might need so you can just bring your swimsuit and chill out. There's a little lounge area that is also cool for hanging out in if you need to kill some time (I.e. Check out and come here to kill time before you need to leave for the airport, etc.). I had breakfast at the restaurant which was the only touch point I had with Deca. Their breakfast was really good and the staff was again wonderful. They even had my green smoothie that I'm used to in my granola home state! Location is fabulous. You're right next to the Hancock tower. And on the Michigan Ave strip. The hotel is connected to a mall which is convenient. You can have as little or as much access to this as you want. For instance the first night I was in the city the weather was very mild and the next it turned frigid and I wasn't prepared so it was convenient to be able to go down and get a slice of pizza, etc. without having to leave the building. Simply stated, the experience is fantastic. I'm a little concerned now bc I don't think I'll be staying at any other chain when I'm on vacation...
