Introduction. The Ritz Carlton/Four Seasons hotel (best of both worlds!) is perfectly situated in Chicago. It's not quite on the main street, perfectly tranquil, yet close enough to all the shops, Navy Pier, and that glorious stretch of water for swimming The hotel arranged direct pick up from Midway Airport and it was heavenly. I felt so corporate America, riding in a limousine with Forbes Magazine for me to read, water bottles, and newspapers with stock tips. Upon arrival, we were quickly whisked to the main lobby which is not on the ground level. Check-in was smooth, but unfortunately, we couldn't get the room upgrade. That was fine because our regular room was just fine. It had an amazing view of Navy Pier and the lake. Room 2014. Big and spacious. Bathroom was equally nice with L'Occitaine products (Verbena) which are my absolutely fave. You really lack for nothing in this room. There was a nice flat screen tv which went unopened as there are so many things to do in Chicago. Double beds are quite large so 4 people can stay in a regular room very comfortably. Extras. There is free wi-fi in the room and in the lobby which is a bonus for all the Yelp Check-ins:D There is a fitness room and a pool (4 lane pool). A word of caution, the pool is very small and the lanes even smaller. I was really excited about the pool pictures, but ended up being disappointed. That's okay because I got to swim in the lake which was amazing. The change rooms have everything that you need: shampoos and soaps, individual hair-drying stations, towels and toiletries and water. You don't have to go back up to your room to shower and change as they provide everything for you in these change rooms. Spa attached to the fitness and pool area. Concierge. Absolutely amazing. These people can get you into any restaurant, last minute. We wanted to try a really popular restaurant on a hot, busy, Sunday afternoon (and just like Toronto, most patio's don't take reservations). The concierge tried for us and yup, we got one of the best spots on the patio. These agents are really well connected. There is a main restaurant (DEQ) which is okay. We had free breakfast included with our package so we ate there. There is also a really nice lounge/patio at the hotel for drinks. The hotel is connected to a really nice Macy's. Overall, I really enjoyed my time at the Ritz/Four Seasons. Service was excellent and the location just can't be beat. For splurgy moments, I would recommend this hotel.
