This was a solid recommendation from local family and friends: We loved it so much I made this glowing Top 10 Reasons To Stay At The James Report for your reading pleasure. 1: Service. Top notch! From the minute we walked in the door to the second we left the entire staff (especially the doormen and the gentleman who helped us with our bags) were attentive, polite and downright friendly. It was an authentic and laid back interaction with class: That's a hard vibe to master. Well done! 2: Roomy room! I really enjoyed the mini living room space. Ours had a work table with a couch/bench, a chaise lounge chair and an amazingly stocked mini bar. I've never seen so many options for in room snacks and booze ever. Not even in Vegas. 3: Full sized and generous free toiletries in the bathrooms. The shampoo and conditioner were lovely. The fresh peppermint scent snapped me to attention each morning and although I brought my pricey beloved products with me-I set them aside and really loved the way the hotel's brand made my hair look and feel 4: Triple filter water out of the tap. I hate hate double dog HATE paying for bottle water in hotels: I am also always thirsty. The James fixed this problem for me by having drinkable free water available all the live long day: Hurrah! 5: Pillow CITY. While my bed-mate could care less I personally am a pillow fiend. All the pillows for ME! I make delightful piles and forts and sleep in them like a nest. The James had soft fluffy ones a-plenty and matched with the yummy comfy mattress I had delightful sleep. 6: Turn down service. Now, I didn't ask for this: The staff was so in touch with what was going on in the hotel they silently swooped in while we were out in the evenings and laid out robes, put cookies on the pillows and switched the radio on. Lights were dim and the relaxing tones were set when we came back each night. Brilliant. 7: Location! 8: The small view from our room, we were high enough up to see above the neighboring rooftops a bit and really felt IN the city. 9: Gym and spa on site: We didn't use either as we were walking all over the city but they're roomy for a hotel of this size and the service list for the spa is great. 10: Free WiFi!!!! Hugs and kisses to the James from Sunny SoCal: When I'm back in town I doubt I'll stay anywhere else! 7:
