I have not reviewed many places on Yelp but really felt compelled to review the Talbott.  I used this hotel for my wedding block, stayed here my wedding weekend, and also hosted a brunch in one of their conference rooms the day after the wedding in March 2015.  Our experience was  above and beyond what I expected, for many reasons, which I'll try to list below... 1.  If you are planning a wedding block, Jennifer and Elizabeth especially are 100% on top of things and are incredibly easy to work with and incredibly accommodating.  I cannot say enough good things about them. 2.  The hotel is beautiful and so clean.  ALL of our guests really enjoyed their rooms and their stay and actually went out of their way to comment to us about it. 3.  The entire staff - from the front desk folks, to the consierge, to the housekeeping, to the bell staff... amazingly pleasant and very prompt with any request we had.   4.  The location is perfect for your guests.  It is short walking distance from Rush/Division and also to the Water Tower place, but enough out of the way of the loop to not be in so much of the craziness (our wedding was the weekend of st. patricks) 5.  We also planned a brunch and had to bring in special catered food and the staff we worked with on that was also incredibly accommodating and flexible. 6.  Hotel block prices were very reasonable, especially for the location. The Talbott is just amazing hotel and it has such great reviews for a reason.  I feel like I didn't ask much of our other vendors and were given such a hard time about everything from them.  Yet we asked so much of the Talbott - from when we were planning the wedding block to the weekend of - and they were so nice about everything, wanted to make sure everything was running smoothly, helped us through the process, etc.  They also saved us when our venue was completely inflexible about keeping stuff overnight... they helped us with a place to store it.  They helped us manage a get together we had the day before.  And so on... Anyway, thanks to every staff member at the Talbott working that weekend and especially Jennifer and Elizabeth for being there for us.  You guys are the best :)
