Well until now, the Four Seasons in Toronto was my favorite hotel.  A friend suggested we stay here the next time we were in Chicago.   We stayed here for 3 wonderful days.  The price isn't cheap, but you absolutely get what you pay for, and they treat you like royalty. The valet was very courteous when we arrived.  Their uniforms are very crisp and clean and cute.  I love the hats!  The foyer was beautiful!  We had to take another floor to the reception area.  All of the employees are so cute and well groomed.  This is a Chinese Luxury hotel from what I understand.  They do not miss any details. We were upgraded because of some special that I wasn't aware of, and received chocolate covered strawberries as part of the special. :) Now the room... It was so beautiful and bright and spotless.  The bed was very comfortable, and the linens are the best.  The bathroom had the nicest smelling Oscar De La Renta soaps, shampoo, conditioner and lotion.  A drawer with a comb, hair bonnet, sewing kit and cotton, plenty of towels and washclothes, robes and a second mirror with a vanity area and stool.  Perfect!   When we returned from dinner,  the cords to my phone and curling iron were wrapped neatly in ribbons!  There was also a cute little box of very delicious chocolates and a couple of waters.   I called for an iron and board, and they brought them along with a water bottle for misting and a small can of starch.   I also really enjoyed watching their tv channel that talks about the hotel and others in other countries.   The last night I was sick, so I stayed in the room while the hubs went to dinner with friends.  Housekeeping came and I said I wasn't feeling well so there's no need to turn down the bed since I was in it.  They smiled and asked if I needed anything.  They were genuinely sincere!  I said my hubs was bringing water later, so they then gave me 4 waters and some washcloths.  So very sweet and thoughtful!  Wonderful girls- thank you! My only sadness was that because I was under the weather, we didn't explore the spa, or pool or the restaurant.  We did enjoy high tea with friends the first day, and it was just lovely, as tea is my favorite!   Every business could learn from this hotel.  Attention to detail, kindness and cleanliness was first class all the way.  The staff always had a smile, and were very sweet and happy.  We will return again, and we will tell everyone about this place!  A hidden gem in Chicago!
