We recently had our NYE wedding reception at theWit.  It's crazy to think that the day has already come and gone and this time last year, we finalized the decision to have our reception at this hotel after considering other hotels including The Thompson, Westin, Langham, and Sofitel.  Absolutely ZERO regrets.   The Senior Social Catering Manager, Brittney Epstein, is a true professional.  Several months leading up to our wedding she worked effortlessly to make every experience of the planning process seamless and enjoyable.  Our tasting was carefully executed and so delightful to experience.  Chef Liya was outstanding in all the appetizers, entrees, and desserts we selected which made us so excited for everyone to try the food on the day of our wedding.   For our reception, we chose to do cocktails at Roof lounge which provided the perfect backdrop for our guests to admire the city my husband and I fell in love in.  The reception took place in the Wilde Ballroom located on the 3rd floor.  The space was just right for our 125 guests.  We were able to space the tables comfortably as well as add lounge seating on the south end of the ballroom.  Brittney quarterbacked the whole evening with grace and composure. She greeted my husband and I at the lobby as soon as we arrived.  She accompanied us to Roof for pictures prior to cocktails and recognized that I hadn't eaten all day, she was a lifesaver and brought me Kind bars to snack on as well as my own appetizer platter.  She even gave us champagne to sip on while we took pictures.  Her professionalism went beyond what was expected; Brittney truly made us feel like a million bucks that day and it would not have been possible to enjoy the reception as much as we did had it not been for Brittney and the sincere kindness and attentiveness she embodied. The remainder of the reception was perfect and oh so much fun!  The food came out perfectly and we are still receiving compliments on how amazing the food was.  We were able to catch Chef Liya in the hallway and you can tell that woman works hard and really puts forth all the love and effort into ensuring her dishes come out perfectly.  The late night snack of gruyere mac and cheese was enjoyed by everyone and the champagne toast at midnight for the countdown could not have been anymore perfect.   I know I started this post with having no regrets about our reception at theWit and working with Ms. Brittney Epstein, but I may have one....I wish that night, time could have slowed down a bit, and I could go through the evening a little longer to enjoy the most fun and magical night of our lives.   Thank you a million times, Britt.  The Butter "party nail" polish you got me as a favor is in full effect, but then again, so are you. xoxo
