They asked me how my stay was when I left, I responded with "amazing".  I booked 3 nights at the Thompson hotel with a winter special getting one night free a couple months before New Years. My fiance and I decided it would be fun to go into the city for New Years.  I wanted a modern hotel with a gym, nice rooms, and a good location.  I got all that and more. When we were dropped off at the front door, I knew it was going to be a great stay.  The doormen was very polite and helped us with our bags.  Check in was a breeze. They asked us if were staying for New Years and I responded yes, and we are celebrating that we recently got engaged. I proposed to my g/f a few days prior.  We checked in super early (10:30am) and our room was ready, a HUUUUGEE plus! Got into the room and it was perfect! It's a modern techy feel with sleek designs and my style of art on the walls. The shower was one of those rain showers. Kind of funky to get used too.  The sink was large, nice lighting... just exactly what I wanted. I told my fiance I wanted this room in our house one day. lol The view was pretty good as well, being on the 8th floor we couldn't see over everything, but it was high enough to see nearby restaurants, all within walking distance.  Because it was so cold we ate close by. The first night we ate at Niko's which was the hotel's restaurant.  Very expensive but great service. We had breakfast/lunch at the pancake house, and dinner at Lux Bar and Lou Malnati's.  All great places to eat, all right across the street from the hotel. Perfect. On our first night there when we got back from checking out Devon Street. We were greeted with cupcakes, 2 cokes, a rose, and a card from the assistant manager in our room.  The card said congratulations on your recent engagement, all the best. This was a great surprise and showed the hotel listened and appreciated their guests beyond the norm.   The gym met all my needs, very spacious. The treadmills face a crappy view of the city so my 4 mile run was kind of boring, maybe face them sideways so people can watch TV OR look outside if they want too?  Free weights, elipticals and some weight machines were all present. I loved that the hotel had a bar right downstairs, though we didn't get to use it .... I did go down and check it out on New Years eve and it was a great atmosphere with lots of places to sit and chat. Not too loud and very relaxing. There was one negative about the room, which kind of hurt us since we were traveling from different time zones.  There was no coffee maker in the room. Most if not ALL hotels include coffee makers in the room.  This one does not.  They offer coffee in the lobby from 6-10AM.  But some days we wouldn't want to go down first thing to get coffee.  My suggestion.  Put a coffee maker in the room! It's not that expensive and it would fit right under that light on the shelf as you come into the room.  Or, offer free coffee in the lobby 24-7.  It's nice to get some caffeine to help keep you going in the afternoon.   Overall, amazing hotel, great customer service, great modern rooms, fantastic location. Next time I come back to Chicago I'll do my best to book here again. Thank you to the Thompson Hotel for a great stay in Chicago!
