Just had a rockin' tiki time on the Tiki Boat Chicago last weekend. A friend and I wanted to throw an end of summer bash on the lake for our friends when we noticed the boat in all its tiki grandeur -- complete with a slide down the back -- at Monroe Harbor. When we called the owner, Paul Newman, to rent the boat for a Friday night, he was super sweet and helpful, and seemed genuinely enthusiastic about our party. We had a little trouble securing a captain, but once we made Paul aware of the problem, he made some calls and helped us find someone. While the total cost of the cruise was initially a little hard to calculate - there was an hourly boat charge, clean up and gas fees, plus an hourly captain's fee that's paid separately -- the total cost ended up being pretty reasonable for 12 people (the max) for a three-hour tour. The boat has two decks, so there's plenty of space, plus a semi-enclosed area to take refuge from the wind. Paul encourages people to bring their own food and beer onboard and provides plenty of coolers to keep drinks chilled. Other than the beer and light snacks, we hardly did any prep for the party, but it didn't really matter: The boat was outfitted with a radio, tiki/tropical decorations, coolers and the other stuff we thought we should've brought. Fortunately, we did bring ice, our swim suits and a bottle opener, though we did wish we had a corkscrew. In the days leading up to the party, we were also a little worried because storms were in the forecast. It did rain and mist for part of our after-work excursion but it didn't stop us from cruising along the shore, getting an up-close -- and for us otherwise boatless commoners, rare -- perspective on Navy Pier, the Museum Campus and the lighthouse. The rain cleared up after a bit and we were left with dramatic views of clouds hovering around the skyline, reflecting beautiful, eerie light into the night sky. For the finale, once we were docked back at the harbor, we gave the slide a whirl. It was incredibly fun and we highly recommend it as the perfect way to end your party with a bang. Fun was had by all and we're still talking about our cruise, so if you're looking for an enjoyable, memorable party with a small group of friends, the Tiki Boat Chicago is it. We're looking forward to another warm spell so we can do it again. NOTE: The web site given here on Yelp is not up to date. The web address is tikiboatchicago.com
