We got married back in April and following my awesome birthday experience, we booked Top Fleet for our wedding party bus. I'm so happy that we did. Their prices were totally fair, especially as compared with other companies. Not to mention yet again, the vehicle they picked us up in looked to be brand spanking new. It was my wedding day so I didn't stop to ask the driver the age of the bus, but it was in perfect condition, sparkling clean, and super fun inside. And might I add, I looked amazingly beautiful in my wedding dress in that dope party bus. I liked that for a small additional fee we were able to give them our drink order and they stocked the bus with all the alcohol, water and pop that we wanted. One less thing for me to mess with. They were cool about us bringing food on the bus (a girls gotta eat, ya know?). Additionally, just for reference, we had 15 passengers on the bus and we fit just fine in addition to a cooler of drinks, the girls' "getting ready" bags and winter coats (it was early April and still pretty chilly), and 2 big bags of food. We had Top Fleet pick us girls up at my house and take us over to the church, whereas the boys got ready at the hotel and made their own way over to the church. When the driver arrived at my house he was 15 minutes early (which made me a very happy bride- I'd had nightmares about the party bus just not showing up and us girls having to call Uber for a lift). But no- he was early and he was kind enough to schlep the food into the bus for us. Much appreciated as I didn't need to kick off my wedding day with food dripping down the front of my white dress. During photos between the church and reception the driver was more than patient and accommodating and didn't blink an eye when photos went a few minutes past our agreed upon timeframe. He was also really cool with the number of stops we made the poor guy make. He was totally chill when, on the way to the church, I sat in the back of the bus screeching that OMG I'm GETTING MARRIED! I'M GETTING MARRIED! He acted as though every bride he drives around town does that. All in all we've had 2 great experiences with Top Fleet and we would absolutely use them again and recommend them to everyone!
