ALL ABOARD REVIEW #1100 I had no idea what I was going to write about for this historic review & then it dawned on me...why not Union Station! Recently I brought the little one on a tour of the building & she had a great time. We sat on the historic wooden benches of the Great Hall & talked about the history that happened in this very room. The millions of people that passed through this room on to there next destinations. America grew because of the railroads. Sometimes it is fun to learn about history when you are sitting in the middle if it. It is like a giant city underground & at rush hour it is simply a mad house of activity. If you love people watching then this is the place. You will see suburban people trying to get home. Out of towners walking around, people dragging suitcases just trying to figure out where they are at. It is really confusing down here. I showed my little one the luggage area that looks just like the airport. I explained that people use to exclusively ride on trains before airplanes went commercial. She thought that was cool. We then looked at the big board of train departures. We joked about hoping on a train to Los Angeles or Portland or Seattle. We finally settled on sending Mom a joke photo of us going to Kenosha. You can truly get anywhere by jumping on a train here. There are also plenty of stores, restaurants & bars down here. Also keep on eye out for the mobile drink carts. It seems everyone is enjoying a giant party down here. These suburban people have it down. Get lit up & then ride the train home to the burbs. I also had no idea that Metra trains were BYOB. I saw a group once with a giant cooler popping open brews. I was so jealous from my seat but I also learned I would be packing my own party next time.  Which I have already done several times! If you've never seen Union Station then you need to check it out. You probably remember the Grand Staircase that was used in the movie "The Untouchables". In the movie Elliot Ness shoots it out with Al Capone while a baby carriage slowly bounces down the stairs. That was one of the most beautiful movie scenes ever. While we walked that staircase we noticed that the stairs were curved & wavy. My little one asked why & I told her that the grooves were created by millions of people using the staircase for the last 89 years. That is so cool to see. Every traveler has left there mark literally at Union Station. How did this great hall come to be? A group of railroad companies came together to build a central location to make it easier for travelers. In the old days there were several main stations and this made it hard for travelers who were making connections. Not every railroad company jumped on this concept. Some others continued to operate there own stations. This building is actually the second Union Station and third train station to be built on this site. They started building it in 1913 but didn't finish until 1925. The project was delayed by labor strikes/shortages & WW1. The estimated cost of building this massive structure was $65,000,000. The architect was Daniel Burnham but he did not live long enough to see his vision completed. Honestly this guy laid out the whole city. Union Station was part of the "American Renaissance" & was one of several monumental Beaux-Arts railroad stations built. It was a combination of traditional old architecture with engineering technology & city planning in mind. Just stand in the center of the Great Hall waiting room and bask in its beauty. This is considered one of the great interior public spaces in America. Look up at the ceiling at the vaulted skylight and try not to take a photo. You can't because it is stunning. You want a fun fact. Light wasn't coming through until 1991 because the skylight had be blacked out since the World War. What a shame! Walk up a staircase & stand on one of the balconies overlooking the Great Hall. You can see everything from up here. As my little one said, "I feel like a princess up here!" Later in the day she asked me if she could get married at the Great Hall so she could wave at here guests like a princess. I looked at her & said, "Yes!" I've attended many great events here so why not a wedding. My personal favorite are the giant wooden benches where travelers waited until there next train. The space is simply amazing & a must see, even if you're not getting on a train. This is a piece of American history. As many as 100,000 people mostly soldiers traveled through Union Station during World War II. It was a busy time with roughly 300 trains daily. Once people started flying commercially these numbers declined. Union Station in Chicago still remains busy today and is the is third-busiest in the US behind Grand Central Terminal & Penn Station in NYC. So if you're looking for a history lesson this is the place. America was built by the railroad & this station played a significant part in that history. Welcome Aboard!
