BRANSON HAS LANDED Welcome to Chicago. We are very honored to have the first Virgin Hotel in America. I am loving the remodeled space. The grand staircase to the second floor bar and library is spectacular. It reminds me of the old days when architecture was ornate & cool. The original elevator doors in the lobby are just beautiful to look at so don't miss them. The rug in the elevator floor is some of the plushest rug you will ever step on. My feet kept telling me to take my shoes off and run around the elevator. It was that comfy. The diner and wine bar on the first floor are not currently open along with the spa in the basement. There are cute peek holes so you can see the progress. The front desk also told me about a rooftop bar that will be opening in the summer. So I will have to come back and visit all of those new spaces. The staff is really amazing and very helpful. I think they are excited that the hotel is open. We first met Roman who works the front desk and assists guests who are checking in. He was very knowledgeable about the hotel and fun to talk to. Make sure you check out the bar on the second floor it has great views of the "L" as it makes it's turn on the tracks. The concierge is located near the library up there. We had a fun time hanging with Concierge Chad. We were trying to get a gum ball out of the gum ball machine in the library. It said 10 cents and we kept putting money in but no gum balls would come out. Chad even dropped some of his own money but it didn't work. It's actually a brilliant move on the part of Sir Richard. People keep putting money in and he doesn't have to give you anything. On a side note there's free candy in the library along with a couple of apple desktop computers to surf on. We were lucky enough to get to see the first concert at the first US Virgin Hotel in the United States. We attended a live taping of the rock show, Sound Opinions and the featured artist was Zola Jesus. The room was more of a banquet meeting room for about 100 people. Probably not the best space for a show but it was definitely a small intimate crowd to enjoy some live music.   So welcome to Chicago Sir Richard, you are going to fit in just fine. Just remember we were cool even before you got here.
