would give 10 stars if I could. Primarily for customer service, Everything was out of this world, but the staff was the shining Point of our visit. Stopped in last night to check out the new bar and could not have been more blown away. First off the space is gorgeous from the moment you walk in. we headed to the commons bar on the second floor and the Only thing more impressive than the amazing, eclectic Decor and lighting is the amazing staff, greeted warmly I wanted to move in from go. The general manager Greg took amazing care of us getting a beautiful table ready while we waited for a Space at the bar. He continued to check on us throughout The night even though it was decently busy you can tell customer service is number one here. W had a super sweet sever That helped us pick out a wine, a cocktail and a small bite. I'm vegan so this is no easy task but she was stellar. When seats opened up at the bar we moved over with no issues of Transferring checks or closing out, this staff really has the right stuff and knows how to work well to concentrate on customer happiness. The entire bar staff was the best I have experienced in Quite some time. Everyone was working together and chatting Us up I felt like we were the only people there even though it was a full bar. The highlight was the bartenders John and Kelsey, kind, Knowledgeable, hilarious. I will be back to have drinks stag, This is the kind of place you need no wing man, the staff is Just that amazing. We tried a few beverages. I'm very selective on wines as well. Here I found the list albeit Small, extremely amazing. I had 2 of the best reds I have had in A long time, a pinot noir and a rioja. I tried a cocktail as well, a bittersweet symphony, not being generally Found of compari I still enjoyed this completely. Also had the crudite platter, small yes, whatever, it would give Me a reason to order a second to indulge in the amazing mango Tomato Chutney that accompanied. The plantain chips were some of the best I have had also. I couldn't argue for a single complaint of the evening Everything was delicious, the ambiance stunning but the highlight Was the staff. Bravo and keep it up. I will be recommending this place to everyone. They nailed my favorite vesper cocktail beautifully In just over an hour they created a die hard loyalist in me. Thank you for a wonderful night.
