It's all in the details, and Virgin Hotel has all of the best. Everything in the "chamber" is so well thought out and useful. Everything! Before your stay, download the Virgin Hotel app, you're going to love it. Use it to check in, as a TV remote in your chamber, adjust the cooling and heating remotely from anywhere you are outside the hotel (cool-down or heat-up your room before you arrive back after a night out!) You can order room service or order any special request like a new toothbrush or turndown service and it will be in your chamber when you arrive. It is pretty fantastic. CHECK IN The only real negative that's not all that bad.  I get the whole idea behind "no stuffy, formal reception desks for us!" You're greeted next to the entrance by a staff member with an iPad.  However, when I arrived to check in, the iPad wouldn't accept my credit card for incidentals. Even though my card was perfectly fine. So, we were standing in the middle of a high-traffic area, basically with ZERO privacy and my card "isn't working" by no fault of mine. It is a bit embarrassing (even though my card was fine! It was their system, not me! And all the other things you want to shout at anyone passing by who is Judgy-McJudging you!) So after 10 minutes and 2 separate-card-trys-later (both perfectly fine!), when it still wouldn't work they sent me up to the Commons Club so I wasn't just standing there while they solved the problem. I could take my embarrassment and drown it in a complimentary and delicious seasonal cocktail! They were super professional about the whole thing, though. Really. CHAMBERS * SERIOUSLY fast and free wifi. Works everywhere in hotel, never spotty. * Plenty of in-room outlets to charge your devices. Some of them with USB ports. Outlets on BOTH sides of the bed, plus USB on the alarm clock. * Chamber suites are separated into large and luxurious dressing area, sleeping area, living area with private sliding doors. Lots of space and privacy when room service arrives and you don't want them to see your messy bed/bathroom. * Vanity mirror with comfortable seating and magnifying mirror so you can apply make-up liKe a civil, fancy human lady. * Closets in dressing area have motion-sensor lighting, easy to find what you need. * Doorbell with privacy mode instead of clunky "do not disturb" door hanger. * Seriously cool SMEG mini-fridge filled with reasonably priced drinks and snacks. (Only negative was no beer options, only hard liquor and wine. With all the great craft beer in Chicago, this is a crime). * Melitta pour-over coffee with actual electric Hario kettle! (I love pour-over coffee but I have a feeling the cleaning staff will not, coffee grounds can potentially get EVERYWHERE.) * THE BED IS THE MOST AMAZING BED I HAVE EVER SLEPT IN EVER. Seriously I have been sleuthing around to see if I could buy that mattress retail. It's a super comfortable but firm memory foam/coil hybrid mattress and together with the incredibly comfortable-to-lean-on-lumbar-support head board, this bed is made for AMAZING. * Room service menu is small but tasty and very affordable. No additional delivery charges just a regular 18% gratuity added to the bill. Nice. * The shower is huge and has a bench so a lady can place her foot on that in order to shave her legs instead of trying to do the balancing act of trying to not to fall or touch a gross shower curtain while holding a sharp object. * Ear plugs are provided because the room can be noisy due to the El tracks located right outside the hotel. Ask for a room on a very high floor if you're sensitive to noise, but if you've ever lived in a city for any period of time--noise shouldn't be a problem. We were in a corner room on the 17th floor right by the tracks and weren't bothered. COMMONS CLUB * Smaller than I expected but still very comfortable and cozy. * Remember? There was an issue at check in so I was whisked away for a complimentary drink while they sorted it out.  Delicious! * Would be a great spot for after-work drinks. * Complimentary cocktails for guests every day from 6-7pm. CHECK OUT * Checking out, remember there is zero privacy so if there are any issues with your room charges, you're basically sorting it out standing smack in the middle of the highest-traffic area of the hotel so there's potential for awkwardness depending. Fortunately we did not have any issues, and check out was a very quick and easy process. * As of now, there is no "formal" check-out time at the Virgin Hotel. So guests don't have to do the 12:00 mad-dash to the desk, which is nice, however I am not sure that won't change during peaks seasons when they are shorter on rooms? Anyway, enjoy that extra time while you can! We had a 2 night stay in February and the staff was amazing, the rooms are cozy and comfortable. Our stay in the Chamber suite was fantastic, would recommend to any travelers for business, or vacation, and anyone who travels with dogs.
