After not seeing my brother for almost two years, I just flew from Chicago to San Francisco to meet up with him and spend a little vacation time together. Isn't that what airlines are all about, connecting people? This was my first time flying Virgin America, but based upon the reviews here I had fairly high expectations. Most thankfully, they were all met or exceeded. At O'Hare two out of three of the security scanning machines were out of commission, so a huge back log of people trying to pass the screening area were held up. I managed to get to the airport an hour before my 7am flight, but it looked doubtful that I or another girl right in front of me would make the same flight. I had already booked non-refundable tickets to Greyhound once I made it to California and if I missed my flight, there were no replacement buses leaving San Francisco to northern California where my brother lives. 'Suffice it to say, that I had to get on my 7am flight or the day would have been shot. One of the ladies of Virgin was such a sweetheart. She found out that the girl I was standing next to and I were still waiting to get through screening and encouraged the TSA to speed up the process, as it was final boarding call with 20 people still in front of us. Out of nowhere she whips out this walk talkie and radios ahead to the gate to hold the plane. The two of us fly through security (after a double bag search!) and run a few hundred yards to get to the plane. The ticketing agent scanned us right on the spot and let us on the plane without a hitch. Another two minutes and the plane was taxing on the runway. What a relief to know I didn't have to spend the night in a hotel and catch a later flight! In the rush, I didn't get the name of the lady who helped us at O'Hare, but thank you sweetheart! The flight itself was pleasant, as it about five hours from ORD to SFO. The interactive screens can be used to listen to music, music videos, live network tv, on-demand feature and foreign films ($5-8), food ($4 for Chex Mix, $7 for sandwiches) and free soda/water/juice. Each seat is equipped with a mini-remote. The AirBus we flew on was brand new and the flight zipped by without a hitch. In summary, my experience with Virgin more than met my expectations and reunited me with my brother on schedule. What more could you ask for? I have since signed up for their loyalty program and will fly with them again to any destination that they service.
