Extraordinary service meets modern upscale luxury. I can't remember the last time I was personally escorted up to my room,  given a full explanation of the amenities and services offered and just been taken such good care of. Shaina was very warm and welcoming and provided a great orientation which was a nice touch. I stayed in the Deluxe King room complete with fireplace, stocked mini bar, stocked pantry, freezer and microwave. The bathroom came fully equipped with Salvatore Ferragamo toiletries, shower, soaking tub and mirror complete with a television. I recommended using the bath tablet and taking a soak in that tub. Pure Relaxation. We let them know we were celebrating a special occasion and we were surprised in true Waldorf fashion with a bottle of champagne and a personal note from the GM. Turndown service with his and hers slippers on either side of the bed and the signature comfortable Waldorf robes.  Talk about 5 diamond service. The Luxury language was almost always present with use of last name (Even when in the lobby! Well done to the desi gentleman from the front desk), plenty of "my pleasure" and offering further assistance. Although we didn't utilize the spa services the spa level was beautiful.  The gym is equipped with iced towels, free weights, two multipurpose cable stations, a pool and an entire area where they offer pilates. I had the opportunity to have breakfast both mornings at Balsan. For now, both Gold & Diamond members get breakfast vouchers which can be redeemed at $30 per person (Gratuity included in that number). That gets you a full delicious breakfast off their menu.  Alex along with the rest of the staff were efficient and friendly. As we waited for the elevator we even got a "Good to see you again!" from a lady we'd seen the previous day. They handled the morning rush like pros. A lot of work goes into providing an experience with perfection in mind. The staff are ultimately the difference makers because a nice building simply isn't enough to stand out these days. My hats off to all the staff that work to make everyone's stay memorable. Hope to stay here again in the future and come during a weekend with a lower occupancy so I can get a room with great views of downtown.  The Waldorf Astoria Chicago is undoubtedly one of the TOP hotels in Hilton's luxury tier.
