We are getting married at The Allerton on 09/15/13. This is a pre-wedding review written 3 months prior to the big day, but with the intention of helping brides and grooms currently searching for that magical venue... I cannot say enough good things about "The Allerton Hotel Wedding Experience".      (I put that in quotes because I think that's what the hotel should start marketing their weddings as: an experience). From the very first email inquiry I sent Sheri, our Allerton wedding coordinator, I have been blown away by her prompt and cheerful bend-over-backwards-to-please-you approach. Sheri has returned every single email within minutes of receiving it and if I email her on a weekend she still gets back to me right away! After months of planning my wedding and corresponding with zillions of vendors, I can tell you, for a fact, that this is a very rare and cherished quality. Despite the hundreds of weddings and events she is planning, Sheri makes me feel like I am the only bride she is working with. She has gone out of her way to work with my budget and help me and my fiancé create a menu and decor plan that will wow our guests. She has made me feel completely at ease and after thousands of email exchanges and a few in-person meetings, I know that I can put the day in her hands and it will be perfect. Being able to put our faith in a venue like that is such an incredible relief. I could go on and on about Sheri (and I will in my final review post-wedding) but for now allow me to illustrate why you need to choose this place for your wedding... First of all,  if you use The Tip Top Tap Ballroom for your wedding (and you really should), you get the entire 23rd floor for your event. This includes a huge room with giant windows overlooking the city at both ends for your ceremony and reception and another room across the hall for your cocktail hour and yet another room down the hall for your wedding party to gather and prepare or hang out in before the wedding. The views are spectacular from every window and the original chandeliers from when the hotel was first built add a beautiful touch of vintage. You can see the famous "Tip Top Tap" sign from the room. Just go see it for yourself! You won't be sorry! On to the food... the tasting we had with our mothers was such a lovely, memorable experience. We got to choose our menu style, chair covers, napkin fold, wine and cake, as well as our appetizers, salad, and entree choices. The service at the tasting was impeccable thanks to Fortino, the head server at The Allerton. It's obvious to me that if Fortino is in charge of service quality during our wedding, everyone will feel like royalty. The man is just that good. And the food? Delicious! Let me be clear, IT IS NOT TYPICAL WEDDING FOOD. It is like dining at a top Chicago steakhouse. Hans Mooser is an amazing chef and I am so thrilled that he will be making our wedding dinner! Since I am an extremely picky and budget-conscious bride, I never thought I could be this happy with a wedding venue. I always thought I would have to compromise something no matter where we chose to host our day, but I could not be more excited about The Allerton. I have not had to compromise one thing about my wedding and I feel confident that I am going to have a five star day.
