For me, when I stay at a hotel, the most important thing is the room itself. Is it nice, clean, inviting, bright, comfortable, are all things I ask myself when evaluating a room. This hotel met all of those needs and then some! I recently stayed at the Allerton for a 3 nights stay near the holiday season while visiting Chicago on a personal trip. I was "assigned" this 4-star level hotel by Hotwire, wherein the name of the hotel was kept from me until after I had paid for it. The first set of reviews I read about this place were all dominated with "The rooms here are too small" -- so I had a little trepidation when first arriving. However, I found my trepidation quickly dissipate when I arrived. The front desk agent was nice enough to give me an instant upgrade from the "Petite Classic" room to the "Standard" room with a queen sized bed. When I arrived into the room, I found that while YES, it was kind of small, the amount of charm that the room held more than made up for the size. The bathroom, while again on the small size was very nicely appointed, and I had the feeling that I was staying in a upscale, boutique hotel. I even commented to my companion that the room gave me the feel that it was ideal for a budget minded romantic getaway. I did have a few issues though... First was the climate system in the room. I can only guess that because of it's age, it is heated by radiators, which are slow to change the temperature, and there is a forced air cooling system, which turns on every 20 minutes or so to circulate air around the room. So, if you walk in and it's cold--be prepared to be cold for at least 30 minutes. The next was the in room wi-fi, which can be iffy depending on where you are in the hotel. It has a tiered payment system, and because I needed it for work, I decided to pay for the fastest connection I could get. Bad news: the speed never got up to what it was supposed to be. Good News however, was that the problem got me an upgrade to a KING room -- which felt even more sumptuous than my first room. It was truly amazing. And the location? Right on the Mag Mile, so there's a ton of places to eat, shop, and explore, just steps from the hotel's front door. The only downside? Parking. $50 a night is far too much just to store your car. There are many options however, that won't cost you as much. You should stay here -- I know I will again.
