Choosing a Chicago wedding reception location is a BIG decision.  It has to fit your personality, style, and budget.  After a lot of research and visiting a ton of venues, we decided to have ours at the Allerton Hotel in the Tip Top Tap Ballroom.  I fell in love with the space upon first viewing.  It is a beautiful, classic, and historic landmark along Michigan Ave with amazing 270 degree views of the Chicago skyline.  I love the fresh, modern and contemporary style of the Allerton.  I knew guests of all ages would appreciate the decor and feel comfortable staying here.  Despite having all of that, another one of the biggest factors in our decision was Sheri, the Allerton's Director of Catering and Events. First of all, she is one of the friendliest and helpful people I have ever worked with.  In researching locations you will meet with lots of hotel coordinators and you quickly realize how important it is to get along well with the people at your venue.  As my now husband says it... Sheri is like the fun, creative, outgoing, and very patient Aunt you never had.  And since virtually everyone and everything for your wedding has to be coordinated with your reception venue, having Sheri there made the whole wedding planning process so much easier.  I felt comfortable asking her any question and she always had a great answer/opinion. Second, she was the most gracious host whenever it came to our family, friends, and guests when it came to anything/everything.  Even when family traveled into town to help with some of the planning well in advance of the wedding, Sheri went above and beyond expectations with making their stay fantastic.  I cannot even begin to count the number of great little details that she went out of her way to do for us before, during, and after our wedding. Sheri was there to meet with us in person for every bit of planning that took place at the Allerton.  It was so great to be able to draw upon her experience and creativity.  I could easily see how stressful things could be if you don't have an amazing coordinator and Sheri made everything a breeze.  If everyone in life were as great to work with as her, life would always be stress-free. The wedding went off without a hitch, it was so beautiful and beyond my expectations.  Sheri and her team kept everything running smoothly.  Our guests raved about the food, the hotel, and the Tip Top Tap venue.  I could go on and on about the food!  We are both self-proclaimed foodies and we brought a third to our tasting.  We had the hardest time picking our food because it was all superb!   Overall, having our reception at The Allerton was the best choice I could have made and we will always have very fond memories of the wedding as well as of Sheri and everyone else at The Allerton that helped us and our guests!
