Sites you will see on the Weird Chicago Haunted Tour: *Iroquois Theater alley *Biograph Theater alley *Site of Eastland Disaster on the Chicago River *Congress Hotel *site of St. Valentine's Day Massacre *driving through/across what was City Cemetery *home/factory of the sausage king of Chicago (NOT Abe Froman, FYI) I've always been a very skeptical person.  I've been incredibly stubborn and had the "if I can't see it, if there is no proof, it ain't there."  I get this bullheaded attitude from my dad, and for a long time I thought anyone who believed in anything (God or ghosts) was misguided.  I am still on the fence about a lot of this paranormal activity, especially spaces that are well-known because of people like Al Capone or John Dillinger, but I've definitely become less of a hard ass and stopped rolling my eyes so much as the years have passed. This was a fun and educational tour.  Our tour guide was exceptional.  We were given lots of background information about what exactly makes each destination haunted, and she told us about her own ghost hunting experiences.  I was particularly fascinated by the stories of H.H. Holmes being noted as the "first" serial killer (read "Devil in the White City" if you haven't already), and the drive over City Cemetery.  Hint:  the cemetery no longer technically exists and you have probably driven over it thousands of times.  I used to think that the kids in my neighborhood who claimed our homes were built on an Indian burial ground were making up stories, but considering the passage of time and people, and the development of land, shoot, there's got to be bodies everywhere. There were two things I didn't like about this tour.  First, and it's pretty minor, we didn't get off of the bus as much as I expected.  For some sites, we just drove past and weren't able to take pictures, so if you had an aisle seat, your only option is to listen to the tour guide explain everything.  It's still worth the $30/person and I'd do it again. Second, the tour quickly went from educational/paranormal/spooky to gory and voyeuristic.  Our visit to the Iroquois Theater was the first stop, and it gets you really pumped and excited for the whole thing.  Our tour guide provided great detail about the players in the theater, the number in the audiences, overall she was a lively storyteller.  Unfortunately, it's been said that the parking garage next door has been the location of several suicides.  Our tour guide showed us the body stain left behind from the most recent suicide a few weeks ago.  This really left me feeling uneasy.  Someone ended their life here, and I'm sure it had nothing to do with the theater.  If Weird Chicago guides all so passionate and devoted to the subject of paranormal activity, they also should understand to have respect for the dead, even if they splattered themselves in the alleyway.  To discuss the coincidence of suicide at this location is fine, but pointing out the body stain was not at all necessary, and taught none of us anything except that if you want people to talk about your suicide - do it here. I don't want to end on a bad note, though.  The tour itself is easy to book and well-organized considering all of the buses and limos lined up outside.  The Haunted tour isn't just for ghost stories, you will also get some lessons on Chicago history if you haven't had time (or interest) in watching 4-hour PBS documentaries.
