I stayed at Wrigley Hostel for a total of 4 nights. From Midway Airport it took me around one hour to get to the hostel and it was very convenient by taking the Orange and the Red Line. As far as I know, the Red Line runs 24 hours and is around three minutes away from the hostel, so it is easy to get there from the station (Addison). I probably walked by the hostel once or twice until I found the door because the signage was quite small and the house is in a residential area in a part of Chicago called Wrigleyville. Wrigleyville has a lot of sports bars, some restaurants, the Wrigley Field (Baseball) and is a really beautiful and calm (Baseball off-season I assume) neighborhood. As for the hostel itself, I immediately liked it upon arrival. The staff was friendly and showed me around. There was a 5$ deposit for the key and you could rent hair dryers at the front desk. The towels were free, which I thought was very nice. I stayed in a female 8 bed room, which was full the first two nights. After that, we were only two people in the room. The room was huge and the beds quite wide. I loved the mattress because it was soft and comfy (not like other hostel mattresses I experienced). What I especially loved was that the room was warm and cozy (which is quite necessary with the dropping temperatures in winter) and there was no cold air coming through any holes in walls and such. I really liked that. There were two toilets on each floor and one shower. I think one shower is not enough to serve a whole floor but it somehow worked out (I got up early) and I only had to wait for one person to finish at the most. The amenities were clean, mostly. There was a bunch of ugly hair but only right after some girls showered. I could see that the hostel staff puts a lot of emphasis on cleanliness because other than after shower "rush-hour" everything was clean and neat. Another plus point for the hostel is the breakfast. Even though I went to Einstein Bros. for my daily Bagel I saw that the breakfast had fresh fruit, fresh pancakes (there is actually one of the hostel staff preparing pancakes for you), coffee and tea. Very simple but nice breakfast that definitely is one in the upper levels of hostel breakfasts I've seen. Also, there is a common room with computers for use, a TV and a pool table plus a BBQ deck where one can smoke or just hang out (if temperature allows) So all in all I really loved my stay. The staff made me feel home, the location is great, the breakfast nice, the rooms beautiful and the other amenities such as common room and BBQ deck really make this hostel a great place. PLUS, there's a very great Thai Rice& Noodle place like 50 steps from the hostel (Cozy Noodles&Rice, check it out!!) Will definitely go back!
