Would highly recommend this hostel for those who are interested in meeting amazing people, having a safe/clean place to stay, and an overall good time! Location: Short trip to downtown via the red line subway. The hostel is literally within 5 minutes of the subway station, a whole foods, walgreens, 7/11 and a zillion bars and restaurants. Staff: Very friendly, ready to help! I lost my room key at least three times during my stay and they patiently replaced it each time. The staff is slightly younger than other hostels I've stayed at, but I found it made them much more approachable. Atmosphere: If you're looking to have a long night's sleep, I probably would not recommend this hostel. I don't think there was a night I went to bed before 4am. That being said, plenty of people went to bed around 11pm-12am and the staff did ensure people in the common room were courteous of these individuals. I was originally supposed to stay at a different hostel (closer to the greyhound downtown) on Sunday night, however I canceled those reservations and stayed another night, as the Wrigley had a bbq social planned. I'd say 80% of visitors at the hostel came out to the back deck for the BBQ, which was awesome! The hostel owner(s) were quite generous with the amount of food and drinks they bought. Most of us went out to the bar together afterwords. The night life in the surrounding neighborhood is fantastic, and made up for it not being directly in the downtown core. It seemed like a lot of locals were living in that area, so it was nice to get a (more or less) real taste of Chicago nightlife. The People: While this likely does change according to the weekend, when I was visiting everyone was highly social, and quick to hand you a beer when you ran out. I was traveling solo, and was originally somewhat concerned that I would have nothing to do at night. However, these worries quick subsided as the people staying there were very inviting and chatty. And ladies: lots of good looking guys. With accents. This earned lots of bonus points. Will definitely be staying here on subsequent trips to Chicago!
