I took my girlfriend there for a night away for Valentine's Day. We had reservations at Gilt, and it being Valentine's Day, we were pretty beholden to that time at the restaurant. Check-in took 20+ minutes, so we're already running late. We get to the room, my girlfriend hops in the shower and as she's getting out, another guest suddenly walks into the room, standing there dumbfounded, just staring at her naked. The guest is obviously embarrassed, my girlfriend was mortified, feeling totally violated. They apparently had checked someone else into our room. They apologize and offer a $25 voucher for the restaurant in the hotel. What? Why even bother offering that? We have plans, what a slap to the face. So we get changed, flustered from what happened, and head out to dinner, already running a bit late. I forget something in the room, turn around to get it and find that they had changed the cards to the room without informing us. To get that fixed is another 20+ minutes. We run out to get a cab to the restaurant, the doorman is just standing there rather than assisting any guests in trying to hail a cab. The whole experience just set a bad tone for the rest of the night, it was one frustration after another. I talk with the manager the next day, he states that somebody from their corporate office will get in touch with me soon. I get an email on Monday, apologizing and hoping that we were able to enjoy the voucher to the restaurant. My response essentially being "Um, no." which he responds with "We look forward to seeing you again." Overall, the rooms aren't that nice, it feels like they skimp on a lot of things. It just feels cheap, like a Holiday Inn with some trendy makeup. Even if it was a decent stay I'd have a hard time recommending the hotel, and would probably point others to look at a competing hotel, like the W or the James. My girlfriend works with a lot of executives, and now I see why she says most refuse to stay in a Hilton hotel. Cons: -Stranger saw my girlfriend naked -We were extremely late for plans due to hotel systems and staff -Hotel staff felt like they really didn't care about our stay Pros: -The cookie they give you when check in was decent
