Let me begin by saying, I live in Chicago and regularly frequent hotels and bars in the city (especially the River North area). Being in the entertainment industry, I've been hearing a lot of buzz about this place in the weeks leading up to it's opening but took it all with a grain of salt. Boutique-ish hotels in Chicago aren't exactly uncommon and although they all have ups and downs, they always tend to lack something that keeps them from being a truly outstanding hotel. The Godfrey does not fall into that category. After seeing a room for only $79 on opening night, I couldn't resist. Finally, my chance to see if this hyped yet mysterious 'project' lived up to it's potential. I was absolutely. blown. away. From the minute that I was greeted by the doorman, the entire experience was truly unbelievable. Jada (at the front desk) made check-in not only short and speedy but engaging as well, seeing that she was all too kind to share useful tips about the elevators, rooms and how/when to check out IO (the 'roofscape' bar that I'll get to in a minute). I went up to my room and after scanning my keycard on the lock-pad (that most newer upscale hotels have), opened the door to find a beautifully decorated modern space that felt more like a custom decorated bedroom than a rented hotel room (HUGE plus for someone like me). The place even had a 'new hotel room' smell (who knew that was a thing). The bed was a happy hybrid between temporpedic foam and firm yet gentle material that made my rest comparable to sleeping on a cloud (pardon the cliche-ness of that statement, but it's TRUE!). The bathroom wasn't over the top like you might see in some of the 5 diamond hotels but I also had a normal room, nothing upgraded. Regardless, it provided everything I needed in an extremely well designed manner. Top notch walk-in, rainfall shower, a spacious granite counter top/sink and a mirror that reached from wall to wall to ceiling. Everything I needed. The furniture throughout the entire hotel from the little hole-in-the wall booths curiously placed in the lobby, to the hand picked stools and objects scattered throughout IO (the bar) to the loveseat-esque psychiatrist chair in my room was beyond impressive. Now on to the main event, IO. The brand new 'roofscape' bar/lounge/club that we've all been hearing about for weeks. I was absolutely and utterly blown away. Stepping off the fourth floor elevator, I was INSTANTLY greeted with the feeling that I had just walked into a Robin Thicke Music Video (and I mean like classy, fun Robin Thicke, not Blurred Lines....). Think everything you'd expect in a city lounge with little touches that just take the entire experience to a whole to level that, until now, I had yet to have found in Chicago (only NY and LA).   Let me be clear, this isn't a quite hotel lounge, this is a VENUE. Meaning there is louder music, dancefloor lighting and cocktail waitress's. If you're looking for a quite one-on-one conversation with piano music dancing in the background, this is NOT your scene. Now if you're like me (a 20 something socialite) and love the feeling of a lounge/club that is modern enough to stimulate the senses but spacious enough avoid having to ass-bump a GTL Guido while side-stepping your way to the bar, then welcome to heaven. Any place that is busy enough for fun people watching and dancing but doesn't require me standing in a corner, holding my coat because there's no seating is a dream come true in Chicago. Overall, the only way to accurately understand the truly stimulating atmosphere of this INCREDIBLE new hotel is to experience it yourself. You'll be glad you did.
