Over the years I've stayed at numerous brand named hotel properties but never a norm to stay at non-brand names. However I was very intrigue by Orbitz when I saw The Whitehall Hotel (4 stars), its location and great price. My son and his fiancée were in town and I treated them to the room. My future daughter law checked in and encounters some delays which I had to ultimately come back in assist in her checking in. During that time the clerk was not as forthcoming in providing hotel hospitality services that I was accustomed in receiving (especially bearing in mind the location and this being a 4 star property). I will not go into full detail but our encounter with the front desk clerk I then asked for the MOD which at the time was the supervisor of front desk. Little did I know during the entire encounter with the front desk clerk the superior NEVER intervene but in fact stood there the entire time? Nonetheless I asked for the hotel mangers name/card and I was given the front desk manger card. I was told she too was the GM.   She was off the following say in which I was able to speak to another supervisor of the front desk. Initially he empathized with me and offered a credit for our stay but before our conversation ended he became very agitated and hung up the phone on me. I interned sent an e-mail to the FDM/GM which she e-mailed me back as well as we spoke. She too was extremely professional as well as showed a great deal of empathy for the poor service/treatment that was rendered to my family. Her gesture was that we come back so they could WOW us/make it up. However she said the property frown on just giving out flat credits/comp rooms so I needed to re-make and pay for the room myself. She said they would really go out the way/do something nice and again expressed her sincere apology. I found it odd that I would have to re-pay for them to WOW us and/or make up for our experienced mishap. Although it was my understanding that it too would be credited back.  After setting everything up the following weekend my son and his fiancée returned without any problems during check in (this time). They shared with me the room was bigger and nice (I'm assuming a suite) but EVERYTHING in the room had locks on it?  But being that it was a busy night vs low occupancy an upgrade to a suite was a good gesture. I asked him was there a welcome card in the room, cookies, flowers and/or fruit and he said no. I asked was it a gift card/coupon in the room for free dinner or breakfast and they said no. Please bear in mind this is a 4 star property which sit right down the street from Four Seasons. Their return was supposed to be a WOW and I had to call and ask for the breakfast coupons. My son said in eating in the restaurant after getting their food it took over 30 minutes in getting his pancakes in which they just got their food to go.  My son said the hotel overall was ok but nowhere near that of one deserving a 4 star rating! We checked in to The Whitehall for service and not a handout and had that been done this letter would have NEVER been written and if so it would have shared why their deemed as a 4 star property. Everything I've shared here I shared with the FDM/GM and she said no the only credit I was getting was the one from the original night stay. "A bird in a hand is better than a bird in a bush!" So to make a long story short my family had to re-pay at a 4 star hotel to make us wow and that was far from the case!
