I stayed here for a total of 2 nights and 3 days starting Xmas night along with my husband and 2 month old son, my first impression of the hotel was a good one until we met the employees.  My husband paid for the room in cash which required a $200 deposit, no problem. The next morning we woke up to banging on the door and the loud ringing of the phone, the front desk person (Maria) asking if we were staying another night; my husband told her yes and he would be down in a few minutes. Approximately five minutes later loud ringing again, obviously he wasn't moving fast enough!! I was mortified because now my son was wailing from all the disturbance!! We overlooked this and gave it another go. Big mistake!!!! Next we encountered (James) the alleged manager. My husband complained of dirt in the bathroom floor and after careful review the ceiling in the bathroom had water damage. He was told "that's not how you complain"!! "You are suppose to complain the same day or right then and there!! Is there a manual on complaints?? The next day went somewhat smooth, my husband was out working all day and the baby and I stayed at the hotel. That was short lived, the nightmare continued Saturday night. I ordered room service and stepped out to go move the car, I came back to hell!!! The front desk person (Maria) called the room and said there was complaints of smoking coming from the room, keep in mind there is a 2 month baby here. I told her no such thing she then goes, well I need to come up there and smell!!! Wait!! Excuse me, I have never heard of such a thing. Here's the twist if you allegedly smell smoke in the hallway that's coming from this room, why do you need to come in the room and smell? Common sense here shows this is the beginning of bull!! Did you go to all the other rooms and floors to smell in there?? Discrimination at its best!!! Five minutes later there was a loud banging at the door, it was the police!!! Where was the crime,  I'm lost!! We were put out of the hotel with our 2 month old son in the cold, in the middle of the night!!! I was mortified!! We told the officers we needed to get dress and pack our stuff. Five minutes later, more loud banging; so loud I couldn't stop shaking and my baby was screaming!! We replied we are getting our things. Five minutes later, more loud banging, like the door was going to come in!! This time there were literally 10 police officers in the hall,  remember its just me, my husband, and a 2 month old!!! They then pushed my husband from in front of the door and told us we weren't moving fast enough!!! We were being treated like criminals,  threatened with child negligence, and being locked up!!! So upon our grand exit, we found out the room service guy told the front desk we had drugs in the room!!!! I was speechless!!! This was the most humiliating and degrading experience!! I say all this to say, there is a proper way to handle all situations and this hotel dropped the ball big time!!!If you want to be falsely accused, have your character assassinated, and discriminated against; by all means go here!!! Finally, to add insult to the discrimination the front desk person (Maria) told us we have to wait to get our money back from the general manager!!! The least you could do after having us police escorted from the hotel was give us our money back!! LIVID!! HUMILIATED!!! DISCRIMINATION IS REAL!!!!
