My husband and I had been on the hunt for several weeks trying to find the perfect venue for my 40th birthday party. We had been all over Chicago before we were reminded of our last stay at the Ivy Boutique Hotel. After several conversations with Tiffany and a visit to see the ballroom we decided this would be the perfect location to celebrate such an important milestone. I will honestly say that my experience in the beginning with Tiffany was exceptional. Tiffany was very accommodating and accessible and truly seemed as though she was committed to making sure I had the best possible experience. Even the guests that we had staying at the hotel after the event expressed having a pleasant experience with her. As a person who is service oriented I believe good customer service is not only about the way your treated in the beginning but it should carry all the way to the end leaving you with a feeling as though this is a place I don't mind spending my hard earned money and a place I will rave about to all of my family and friends. Unfortunately, my experience with the hotel before I even checked out has changed my mind completely about this establishment and the management team and it is still left unresolved. At the end of my event I got very sick, Tiffany was helpful through that experience getting me crackers and hot tea making sure I was okay. Tiffany assured me she was locking down the room and had secured my belongings and they would be available for me to pick up the next morning. When my husband and I arrived in the ballroom the next morning all of the cards from my gift box had been removed. We thought initially Tiffany locked them in her office but later after speaking with Tiffany she said she had not and she had left them in the room and locked the door. From there it took us two days to get the General Manager, James C to look into our issue. It wasn't until we filed a police report and had them make contact with the hotel that we learned that the cards were seen on video being stolen by a trusted, tenured member of their staff. This person was seen on video coming back into a locked room and taking the cards out of the box and stuffing them into his bag and walking out of the hotel with them.  The Ivy Hotel can say it is not responsible for your personal belongings but they are responsible for your experience. My experience is that I was robbed literally! Robbed of having a pleasant memory of my 40th birthday, robbed of the gifts that were given to me by family and friends, robbed of words they shared to encourage me as I embark upon this new chapter in my life. When I think if this day the dancing and laughter is a distant memory because I had to spend the next several days filing police reports and talking to hotel staff about the EXPERIENCE. Tiffany assured us our things were secure as they were but how is it that a member of your staff can steal from your guests, you have evidence of it and you take no responsibility at all, you don't even bother to call your guests that just spend thousands of dollars at your hotel and offer even an apology? I have to ask, are you not taking responsibility for your own statement that is posted on your website which says, "The staff is unequaled...friendly, helpful, efficient but never intrusive, their goal is to provide our guests with a memorable experience through superior service. Stealing from your guests is not only intrusive, unfriendly but it is also unethical. The Ivy hotel has a choice here about how this EXPERIENCE through "superior service" (your words Ivy not mine) ends for me and how it will begin for future guests who might be considering having an 10, 20 or 50 year anniversary party or the next beaming couple that comes in innocently to share their vows or the next company that brings their staff there to launch a new project or celebrate a prosperous year. They can choose to do the right thing by this guests who chose them over the many hotels they could've chosen in Chicago but I chose them and got robbed by someone trusted on their team and left their establishment with nothing but a VERY bad taste in my mouth. I'm still waiting for unequaled, efficient and helpful management staff that will provide me with some closure and a memorable experience other than the one I still have a week later
