I have yet to critique a hotel as my experiences to date have been pleasant,.  However, I felt compelled to write this review to recount my absolutely horrible experience at the Ivy Boutique Hotel, in Chicago. After driving a long 14hrs from Canada to Chicago, our group was extremely excited to get to our room and get ready for the Bruce Springsteen concert.  Upon arriving at the hotel at 2:45PM, with a pre-booked room (with credit card), we were informed that our room was not ready yet. The gentleman at the front desk radioed housekeeping asking if room 405 was ready and unfortunately it was not. Considering the actual check-in time was 4PM we weren't apprehensive to go walk around for an hour or so. When 4PM rolled around we came back to the hotel and were informed that it was still not ready. The front desk agent suggested we go to the roof top terrace to enjoy a beverage etc. while we waited once again.  As we were becoming pressed for time about 4:15pm we decided to just have a bite to eat and drink on the terrace as we wouldn't have time to all get ready and go out for dinner before the show.   After another hour passed with no information about the room I proceeded to go to the front desk once again. I waited in line behind four grown women who seemed just as eager to get to their room. The front desk agent seemed a little flustered as I over heard him state he was "switching some things around" to his concierge colleague.  As he handed the keys to the party in front of me he mentioned the room 405. I thought that 405 was supposed to be our room?! As I continued to the desk I was informed that they unfortunately didn't have a room for us anymore, and that they were switching us to a hotel down the street. What is frustrating about the situation is the front desk deliberately gave our room away. As I asked the agent "Wasn't that supposed to be our room?" he retorted with "That room only has one bed. Didn't you want two?" He blatantly lied to my face as clearly four grown ladies would not stay in a room with one bed. Then he continued to insinuate that we could not afford to stay there by repeatedly mentioning that the Double Tree Hilton, that they were sending us to up the street, was a "much cheaper rate" of $199 per night.  If I had intended to book a cheaper hotel, I would have booked a cheaper hotel! Furthermore, when the hotel bill came on my credit card, I was charged for the initial rate of $392.67. Clearly my friends and I (whom are all in our twenties) were profiled, as our appearances after a very long car trip were not up to Ivy standards. This form of ageism is absolutely ridiculous and it would have been a different story had we showed up with Louis Vuitton suitcases. We left the rooftop patio in haste as we were in crunch time to get ready for the concert. We felt the hotel should at least take care of our patio bill as they made us wait over 3 hours when they could have initially told us there was no room. The manager then came out and explained that there was a leak in one of the rooms and that we had to pay our patio bill because the Ivy rooftop patio bar was not affiliated with their hotel. If the room was supposed to be ready by 4PM, why then when we returned at 4PM were we told that it would soon be ready instead of just telling us there was a leak? Clearly something fishy was going on, as they either over-booked or gave our room to someone else. As an individual who has worked in the Hotel and Hospitality industry for over 10 years, I was utterly disgusted with how my friends and I were treated. I will never be booking a room at the Ivy Boutique Hotel again and will continue to tell my story to people who are visiting Chicago. Do not stay at this hotel!
