I have stayed at many 5 star hotels all over the world and the Chicago Langham is the best hotel I have ever experienced. The location is wonderful for activities in downtown Chicago. It is easy to find and is a striking building --  and since it is next to the Trump tower, one of the tallest buildings in the world, you can find it anywhere by sight.  For an architecture buff it is a real joy to stay in an historic Mies building.  I especially appreciate the desk they have on the first floor offering a small "library" of books about Chicago, architecture, and Mies.  While I quibbled with some of the features being not-very-Mies-ian (mirrors on some walls, glitz) the overall effect is simplicity, calmness and elegance.  And, Mies's grandson contributed to the renovation. The rooms are beautifully designed and the beds are exceptionally comfortable. I especially appreciated the nice area for dressing, the lighted closet, the deep bathtub, and the shower with the rainhead.  It was a true pleasure to stay in this space where it was clear that a great deal of thought had gone into the details. The stationary in the rooms and the printed materials about the hotel itself were  beautifully designed.  Views out the window (actually, the views out your walls since the entire exterior is glass) are sometimes breathtaking.   We ate in the tea room on the second floor near the check-in desk.  The wait staff were very attentive and charming and even brought us a complimentary cheese plate which was delicious. Again, the atmosphere was clean, white, and calming and you can look outward through the glass walls and see the expanse of the river and the beautiful sparkling cityscape. Most impressive, however, was the staff.  They were always attentive and friendly and I liked that they had hostesses dressed in Jackie-Kennedy-like pink suits who seemed to be everywhere on the first two floors of the hotel. They offered and delivered any help we asked for, from sending up bandaids to driving us to breakfast in a hotel car.  The front desk staff remembered our names. There are a few things that can be improved -- we had to wait a couple of hours for our rooms and we had trouble figuring out how to use the coffeemaker in the room which did not have directions with it.  I attribute this to the hotel's only having been open a couple of months.  But these were very minor glitches in a wonderful experience overall.  I would give the Langham Chicago my very highest rating!!
