This hotel is GREAT!  My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for his birthday weekend this past weekend, and we couldn't have picked a better hotel.  The location of the hotel was perfect for getting around downtown.  However, if you're looking to stay near Millenium Park/Michigan Ave./Lake Shore Dr. it is a long walk/short cab ride.  However, we loved the area it was located in.  It's only a block or so away from the John Hancock Building (YOU MUST GO THERE TO SEE THE VIEWS AT NIGHT!).  I had read on here, before booking, that the hotel was recently going through renovations and that the elevators were really slow.  I can tell you that the hotel has successfully been renovated, and the elevators are extremely fast.  The decor of the room, as well as the lobby, was very tasteful and modern.  Our room had a new flat screen t.v. and a super comfortable bed and down comforter.  The bathroom was also updated in beautiful neutrals. The only con's about this hotel: -There was a crack in the sink bowl in the bathroom and you could tell it was an old sink bowl -The thermostat kept going down to 63 when we knocked it up, so there were times that we were a bit chilly -The first night we were there all but two of our outlets stopped working (probably due to the old electrical lines in the building).  I ended up straightening my hair in the reflection of the t.v. screen because one of the only working outlets wasn't near a mirror.  However, when I called down to the front desk they asked if we wanted to switch rooms, or have an engineer look at it.  We chose to have someone look at it.  By the time we came back that evening all of the outlets were in working order, and it didn't happen again the rest of the weekend. -While the elevators are fast, they are also very small.  Prepare to squeeze in there! -Request a higher floor, if possible, when booking.  We were placed on the 3rd floor and our windows overlooked the back parking lot to the building :(. I would definitely recommend this hotel and we will be staying here again!
