I recently stayed at the Ivy hotel this last weekend. I am in Chicago at least 6 times a year so I have tried a lot of the competition. I liked the room for the most part.  The bed was comfortable and I liked the down pillows, but the comforter was definitely something synthetic and not down like advertised.  I liked the big TV and automatic blinds and the oversized bathrooms and slippers. I also thought having an umbrella for use in the room was a great touch. My favorite part was the turn down service with cookies or cake pops, pulled back linens and soft classical music playing when you come back to the room after an evening out.  I don't even have a sweet tooth, but it made you feel taken care of. I also appreciated the note with the following days forecast and the name of your housekeeper. The front desk seemed really cold. There were always a few people up front, but they NEVER greeted me or wished me a good day or even smiled as you walk past.They often acted like I was interrupting their conversations when I approached the desk to ask directions. Just very odd for the front desk of a hotel. I never heard the word "welcome" or "have you stayed with us before?", "how was your trip in?" or any of the normal courtesies. (Upon checkout, I am guessing the manager was at the desk, because he was the only one who genuinely seemed interested in how my stay was and getting me a taxi.) The shower was ridiculous in my room. It was really modern looking and somewhat confusing how adjustable it was. The previous guest had adjusted it so that the shower head was really low and pointing at the door so when I turned the shower on, it came shooting out full throttle onto me, my clothes and the bathroom floor... not that the mess mattered, because it just leaked all over the floor anyway every time I took a shower. I thought I had finally figured it out the last day, but upon leaving the shower, I still saw a giant puddle extending the length of the large bathroom.  I had to use all of the towels daily to soak up the mess. My room did not have a tub, so it would have been thoughtful for the front desk to explain that the shower can be a little tricky. I love that part of downtown. The room was comfortable, clean and quiet but  between the doormen, bartenders and front desk, you'd of thought that someone might greet you with a smile, but nope.  I would never want someone to stay away from this hotel based on this review, and you absolutely shouldn't, but I hope the staff sees this and realizes how important it is to be welcoming in the hotel industry.  With the hotel being that clean, comfortable and modern, I should have left a huge fan instead of feeling so lukewarm.
