Room 2604: Valentine's weekend.  I really wanted to like The Wit and there are certain things that I loved, but overall there were too many mistakes by the staff for me to give our trip a positive review.  Let's go down the list shall we? -No Call Backs: We arrived in the city 3 hours before check in from Union Station by way of the L. No rooms were ready (which we expected of course, I mean 3 hrs early), but we were given the Doubletree cookies and they checked our bags so we could meander about town. The problem is that the lady that checked us in took our number and said they would call when the room was ready. Instead we walked up and down the Magnificent Mile in a snow storm. After warming up in a Starbucks we just decided to go back early and wait in the lobby. When we arrived lo and behold the room had been ready. -The Case of the Bloody Pillow: The pillow on the chaise lounge had what appeared to be dark reddish brown blood stains on it.  The back side was so bleached that the design had faded off.  How was this thing not thrown away instead of being placed back into a room? When we informed the front desk it was promptly replaced. -The Couch Stain: I'm being picky here because The Wit is listed as a 4 star hotel in Chicago by Five Star Alliance.  How do you don't earn 4 stars with bloody pillows and couch stains? -The Minibar Caper: We noticed upon arriving that some of the "savory" items and bottles of wine that were listed were not actually in the minibar.  On the way out to breakfast that morning Tyler assured us that the staff knew what items were missing before we checked in and he very politely offered to get anything we wanted, but that wasn't the point of us asking. If you travel a lot chances are that some hotel/motel has tried the ole minibar scheme before. Even though this was a downtown Chicago 4 star hotel we still wanted to watch out for corruption, theft, and fraud.  We awoke the next morning with an eight dollar charge for some mystery item that they said we took.  First off, eight dollars is nothing when staying in downtown so that wasn't the issue; it's an issue of principle. Secondly, why would I want their junk food when we are in Chicago one of the only cities to have a Bib Gourmand list of restaurants? This is inexcusable.  When I called the front desk they immediately took off the charge. -Bath Robes Not Included:  When you reserve a suite the site clearly states that bath robes are included. You'll notice though that they are not in the room. They are only available upon request (sometimes). Here's the kicker, apparently they don't own enough bath robes at this location to cover all reservations because when we asked for bath robes we were told they would send up two IF available...Oh is that how things go here, IF available? We never received the robes that day. We called again down to the front desk the next day and they were sent up immediately. -The Haunted Refrigerator: This one is a simple fix. The door to the fridge in the kitchenette area continuously kept opening back up unless you very gently closed it (very very gently). This can be fixed. It is the little things that add up and make you scratch your head and think "who is running this clown show?" -The No Told Hold: I used a prepaid card to place my reservation because why not, and I fully paid for the stay months in advance.  At check in we were not told there would be a $50 per night hold.  It wouldn't have been a problem except coming back from Blue Man Group all I brought with me was that specific card and no cash.  Since the hotel didn't inform me of the hold at check-in I was stranded north of the city in a snow storm.  Luckily someone helped us out and we were able to get L tickets.  It wouldn't have been too hard to inform us of the hold so I could have grabbed six bucks for the L. -Does Someone Still Get the Seven Years Bad Luck:The tiny makeup mirror in the bathroom didn't light up when plugged in. -Everything and the Kitchen Sink: The sink in the kitchen was slow draining. I'm sure they will fix it, but it probably should have been fixed before we checked in. If we had come across one or two of those problems then maybe it wouldn't have been such a big deal, but overall it just leaves you with a sense of "this place is a bit sloppy". E: changed to one star because I was talking about the drawer section of the minibar and not the fridge portion which has obvious sensors.  The below comment by staff makes it seem like we moved something from the fridge. Incredibly unprofessional given that's not the situation at hand. Nothing in the fridge side even comes to $8.  Get a clue. The drawer side does not even have individual sensors.  I picked up both the "Love" box and bathroom kit from the drawer to read them. If it was a sensor issue like mgmt would have you believe then the charge should have been for $25 not 8.  The pretentious response from mgmt on this site in mind-boggling.
