A surprise trip this weekend planned by my husband.  We are very welled traveled however I normally book the hotels.  I would not have picked this one from the beginning.  Unless you are into the night club scene or do not mind skimpy dressed young women and fouled mouthed (guys&gals) taking over the lobby in the evening then this is your hotel.  The lobby is small to begin with, but when they begin to let in the people from the side door with arm bands heading to the roof top bar, you need to move out of the way.  The male staff of the hotel are so busy watching the skimpy dressed women (which they are not!!) to assist you.  The night club takes over 1 of the 4 elevators for the entire evening.  Basically you can't sit and enjoy the lobby in the evening.  This is for sure not a hotel to bring children.  In the evening we had to dodge drunk people coming and going the entire evening. It is apparent The Wit makes big money off of the roof top club. I agree with several reviewers.  The a/c is terrible. In our case for cooling.  We talked to the hotel staff and they said it was 'government regulated' and was set within a range and that was as hot or cold as it could get!!!  We have NEVER stayed at a hotel we could not set them temp to what made us comfortable.  SO we talked to someone else and he sent up an a/c tech who took off the LOCK to the system. (or so he said he did)  It never got any better.  it would never go below 72.  We set it on 68 and NEVER would it get to that.  We would have to get up several times a night to turn it back on, it reverted back to 72 within minutes.   The hotel in general was ok, It was very obvious it is for the hip and ccol 30 somethings with no kids.  It is not friendly.  Except for the young lady who checked up out on Sunday.  She was the most helpful staff person we encountered the entire trip. The room was nice enough for a big city hotel room.  It was clean and the cleaning staff was very nice.   The restaurant attached on the ground level was a nice stop for breakfast, nice staff. But again in the evening you couldn't get past the drunk people going to the roof top club or going to that restaurant bar. It is a great location, but to bad they can't redirect the bar crowd another route instead of taking over the lobby.   We will not stay they again when in Chicago, Stay at The Palmer House if you want a classy up scaled hotel in the city, If i am not mistaken it is a Hilton Hotel also.
