Just to put it out there - I'm not a long haul commuter so I don't use Union Station for its commuter purposes. This is purely from an event producers view point. Which I've noticed a lack of comments on the venue from an event perspective. I love Union Station. The architecture and grandeur of this space make it truly magical and timeless. However - when searching for venues I rely on the promptness and dedication of the staff to gauge how they will handle an event. I have to say Bill Van Berschot, the venues event manager, has been awful to work with. While he is nice he is 100% uncommunicative. Throughout the entire process we had no clue what was going on. Often sending numerous emails to get a response on a simple issue weeks later. More times then not he would blame his lack of response on the management of Amtrak. It's worth mentioning that we missed two critical deadlines because of his/their lack of response.  Also - the insurance requirements of Union Station are way way out of control. Perhaps this is the fault of Jones Lang LaSalle (the property owners and/or managers) But seriously their minimum requirements are much higher than any other venue in this city; sky rocking the cost from an average $250.00 - $400.00 to upwards of $3,000.00. Less importantly - if you aren't a fan of unions steer clear. You'll have to hire an electrician and plumber to sit around and look pretty. Expect $3,000.00 - $4,000.00 in staffing in addition to any other staffing you'll need to execute your event. I definitely recommend Union Station on the sole basis that Chicago lacks large venues with interesting architecture (I'm not a fan of hotel events). But if you are an event producer who enjoys open communication and planning a head of time, avoid Union Station. With every complaint I like to recommend remedies. 1.Perhaps if they split the marketing and event management responsibilities into two different positions the events manager could be more successful and increase their events calendar. 2. If the Amtrak management is a legit excuse, give the event manager the training and control to make decisions without having to constantly navigate a lengthy and cumbersome bureaucratic process. 3. Jones Lang LaSalle and Amtrak need to seriously reexamine the insurance requirements and put them within reasonable limits like any other venue. 4. Don't sign your next union contract. Unions are not fit for a modern economy - they drive away business and prevent economic growth.
