Oh, Union Station, I cannot laud your drunks enough! The setting: The Saturday before St. Patty's day. The characters: Myself, my boyfriend, two friends from Texas and drunks a plenty. On a late Saturday night, the second to last train out of the station, the normally dreary and creepy maze of Union Station became an inebriated feast for the senses. There was wild dancing at the foot of the escalators at the Adams Street Entrance, free McDonald's, and a beautiful rendition of "Sweet Caroline" by all of the passengers in our car on the BNSF! The drunken, ragged, hobo, who for some inexplicable reason had green St. Patty's Day beads strung 'round his haggard neck stumbling by us, eyes locked on my boyfriend, growling "grabass... grabass... grabass..." actually made our party lose focus on the fact that a man was loudly and repeatedly squealing in the mens' restroom at the same moment. Jubilation! The next morning, as we woke with twinkles in our eye, we were hardly sure that the festival that we saw was real, or simply an apparition. On a more serious note, here's how I really feel about Union Station. Ease of use: 2 Friends from Texas (mind you, extremely spacey young friends, FROM TEXAS) were able to come in on the Amtrak and find their way out here to the Riverside Metra station with no confusion. I, however, feel that Union Station is an abominable, light starved, maze of frustration with dirty restrooms closed at inconvenient times. And why aren't the tickets closer to the tracks? Why the confusing north and south, odd and even system? Ugh! While things could be done better, I've always been able to find my way in and out and be on my way in a timely manner. Timeliness: 4 I've noticed a lot of complaints here that trains are delayed. I've never had that happen, until recently when the BNSF has been running up to 10 minutes behind. No big deal. Food: 3 Really, the only places here worth eating are Gold Coast dogs, and the Metro Bar and Grill, which, confusingly, isn't in the food court. It is, however, located near the beautiful great hall. Definitely worth a visit if you're hungry in Union Station. My boyfriend and I eat at Cajun Grill for mostly emotional reasons. The owners are there ALWAYS, shouting at you to taste their wares, and claim to be named Yum. Venue: ??? I really don't know how great the Great Hall is as a venue. When there with aforementioned Texan friends, we wandered near a party with (I think) live music. The music sounded really bad, echoing off of the walls created a lot of reverberation. The guys snuck in and started pretending to help put stuff away. Entertainment: 5 Oh god. The times I've had in Union Station. Observing drunken St. Patty's antics, drinking with ravers we just met in the great hall, sleeping in the Amtrak lounge after a crazy night... Once, drunk on the train, my boyfriends response to the man taking the tickets was to puke EVERYWHERE. The nonchalant man simply punched our tickets and continued on. I can only imagine the things he has seen.
