My mother rode on Amtrak from Chicago to St. Louis yesterday morning (the 7:00 AM train).  I helped her get as far as I could go because she is handicapped and was recently in a car accident and is still healing from the injuries.  I told each and every employee we dealt with that she could not carry her own bags and would need help with any stairs due to her injuries and was assured from each and every person that this would not be a problem.  When we got to the passenger waiting area the employees there were super kind in letting me wait with my mother till the redcap came so she would not be alone.  She was also the only person who required assistance from the redcap and they told me that as a result she would get his undivided help.  When he showed up he grabbed my mother's bags and away from her as she stumbled to catch up and he ignored her when she asked if he could slow down because she was in pain and couldn't keep up.  When he got to the train car he threw (yes, he threw them up and left them on the floor of the train) her bags up the stairs and walked away (he didn't say one word to my mother the whole time even though she kept trying to talk to him).  He did NOT help her to the train, he did NOT help her stow her bags, he did NOT help her up the stairs, he did NOT help her to her seat - he did NONE of the things I was promised would be provided to her.  The person who ended up helping her with all these things was one of the passengers.  This young lady helped my mother climb into the train car, helped her find  seat (she even sat with my mother to help her during the train ride as well), and she helped my mother stow her bags.  Luckily my mother had better luck on the St. Louis end of her trip but the Chicago end of her trip is very much UNACCEPTABLE!!!!  Is the kind of service that is acceptable when it comes to your passengers especially when that passenger is a handicapped senior citizen?  I certainly hope that she has a better experience on her return trip that she did on Friday.  I am extremely upset at how she was treated and I can guarantee that I will be sharing her story in as many places as I can because I believe that people need to be aware of this kind of treatment!  I believe that my mother is owed, at the least, an apology!
