"Take a ride through prohibition" (March 18, 2015) The thought of Chicago typically brings to mind gangsters as its history was molded by them. As such, when planning my visit to The Windy City, I searched for something to do that would satiate my hunger for information regarding this dark and troublesome past.  Thanks to Hollywood and the American culture, a sort of romanticism has sprouted; along with a search for 'the facts'.  Google guided my search and I was pleased to find that there existed a tour that presented itself with the possibility of fulfilling my curiosity. After winding my way through a crowded downtown and nearly driving the wrong direction on several one way avenues, I found my way to the McDonald's from which the Untouchable's Tour would depart (parking is situated right behind the Golden Arches and is quite convenient). After a quick bite at Portillo's which is situated across from the gigantic McDonald's (A Chicago must), the unmistakable bus had arrived and myself and my full stomach were ready to depart. I was instantly transported to a different time, a sort of 'genuine' (Hollywood influenced or not) Chicago at that. A gangster looking fella in era appropriate clothing, called out names and I was ushered into the air conditioned and comfortable bus. Seats were clean, large and comfortable. Cleanliness is always a concern of mine. Right away, I my ears were greeted with the music of 1920's Chicago and accents that cinema had told me were legitimate. Being from a city in Texas, Pearland (South of Houston). I was thrilled that both the guides provided me with this experience as the vernacular is quite different.  Immediately upon departure we were provided with rules that played into the entertaining aspect of this tour. Sparing the great details of the tour that everyone should experience, the hour and a half tour explored the North, South and West sides providing not only "outfit" history but history pertaining to the general development of Chicago.  I not only learned about Capone, Bugs, and the likes but also about architecture and historic preservation efforts.  I was enthralled so much so that I did not even realize the tour was ending.  I was saddened that the tour had to end because of shear enjoyment. The tour allowed me to sightsee and enjoy the views without having to 'pound the pavement'.  Furthermore, things were pointed out that I would have otherwise missed on my own.  The guide's thorough knowledge of the era and the city served to eliminate myths (take that Edward G, Robinson) and gave a sense of realism to the events of the past. Needless to say, this tour sets the bar very high for historic and sightseeing tours, not only in Chicago but everywhere. I suggest you take the time to take this adventure; be entertained and taught just don't FUGGETABOUTIT!
