Me and my fiance stayed at the Villa this past Monday-Wednesday in the Grand Tuscan Suite, which is the biggest and nicest room, which also is the most expensive, due to the size and 25-head shower room and in room Jacuzzi. The room runs around $199-399 per night. The property is beautiful, lavish, and definitely exquisite. I paid a total of $446.   Now the worst part begins: I checked in Monday and i had seen that the breakfast menu, which contained pork products for Tuesday and Wednesday. I notified Cathy "The Manager", or sorry the "Accommodations Director", I was corrected by her pretty (d'gratingly), which i'll tell you in a bit, that i didn't consume pork products but for breakfast, we'd eat turkey, chicken, beef. We woke up Tuesday and when we wen't to eat breakfast, she had Luke-warm  potatoes, already cooked. She made 2 scrambled eggs, and a Pre-measured waffle mix "(Belgian Waffle)" batter, something you can make at home, just add water. We said ok, we'll eat this begrudgingly in our heads. On Monday she had bananas out that were literally black on the counter. Those same bananas were on the counter when we checked out Wednesday. After breakfast on Tuesday, we went back to our room and proceeded to get cleaned up. The 25-head shower that is advertised and  we paid for ran COLD in less than 10 minutes. Might i add the whole Villa was empty until Wednesday, so we had it to ourselves in theory and the water was not being used by anybody but ourselves. After the a horrible shower experience, we got dressed up and upon leaving to enjoy our day i spoke to Cathy Hartmann the "accommodations director", that the water is running cold and the shower is not working properly. She said she'd take of the problem. We came back from a day of shopping and walking around. When we came back, i asked Cathy if she had taken a look at the shower and she said yes everything is working now. I said great and thank you. So Wednesday comes around and we go downstairs to have breakfast. long story short there is no breakfast prepared at all, no fresh fruit, nothing at all. Believe me when i say this. She said would you like Belgian waffles and eggs. Whattt???!!! She knew that we would have breakfast at 9:30am each day which she said is perfect on Monday at check-in. Cathy had two days to accommodate us, yet a huge fail. We wen't back up with out even eating anything, so disappointed and let down. Isn't a Bed and Breakfast, a Bed AND BREAKFAST??? SO BAD. So when we come back in our room, we figured we can utilize the Jacuzzi and shower. Well come to find out the shower heads are not working, the water ran cold again in less than 10 minutes. I am shocked by now. I called Cathy upstairs to our room, asked her to feel the water, and told her this was less than 10 minutes of using the shower and Jacuzzi.  She was trying to make every excuse saying how this works, this is a fluke, telling me i don't know how to use the shower, which i showed her how to and it was the proper way. She mentioned how my room i was staying in was used last Saturday 21st of February, 2015 and how the room was trashed and the Jacuzzi was used and left dirty, and she said she knew it worked because the Jacuzzi was dirty before i arrived and they had to clean it. Who the F==k says that to a customer staying there??? She said how could i make this right. I said she was the manager, she would know. Because i mentioned to Cathy all the above discretion's . She stopped me and said i'm the ACCOMMODATIONS DIRECTOR, THAT this is HIGHER THAN A MANAGERS STANCE. Wow, ok, i kept my composure and my voice. I said i apologize, i told her you know i am planning on getting married and this was a property i was considering on renting out. She said " DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH THIS PLACE IS TO RENT OUT, DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT COSTS, DO YOU?" Holy S**t!!! I couldn't believe this. She insinuated that we couldn't afford this. My family owns multiple General Cargo Vessels, and we have money yet she just judged a book by it's cover.. After all this is said i told her, you can refund a nights stay and credit my card, that's it. She said she can not do that. She would offer a lesser room to stay one night for free. After all this above, would i dare consider staying here a night. She insinuated i couldn't afford the property she is trying to run on behalf of probably great owners, there was No breakfast, and the Jacuzzi and shower does not work? What a mistake, what a true mistake in choosing this property and ever meeting Cathy, self-recognizing person. Look, i come form the Hospitality industry and i make a great living. I am the recipient of the R.O.S.E. Award for THE HOSPITALITY PROFESSIONAL OF THE YEAR FROM THE INDIANA DUNES TOURISM BOARD. I am an example of how guests, clients, people need to be treated regardless  of their status-qua, appearance, complaints, anything. True professionals deliver the best every day 24 hours/365 days a year.
