A STROKE OF STRUCTURAL GENIUS Virgin's new hotel sits humbly sets it self apart from other nearby Hotels such as Trumps massive tower down the street.  There is no massive lobby to impress, no giant pillars, nothing in particular right off the bat that screams "look at me".   The old Art Deco building still holds many of it's original characteristics which I think really sets this place apart from most modern hotels you see today. The entrance on North Wabash is something you might see out of a classic noir film with the original revolving door and a marquee over hang that reads VIRGIN HOTELS.     The staff are all very friendly upon entrance and nearly everyone who works here will tell you how proud they are of the preservation job that virgin accomplished by keeping its original finishes.  I was impressed everyone's knowledge of the fine renovation that went into this building.  Everyone seemed to have their own personal favorite detail about the original structure still in tact. To add a touch of modern to such an old building is no easy task, but Virgin definitely pulled it off.  If you've ever been to a virgin clubhouse, you know that their style is very mid century modern.  A sort of 60's Mad Men look.  The same style applies to the Virgin Hotel.  Upon exiting your red carpet elevator, the original decor is on display for  the first four middle rooms you see.  The doors are original fog glass with a mail slot at the bottom.  They look like the office doors a Bogart type private detective.  Very cool.  Virgin Hotels are also dog friendly to specific rooms.  They display this by having a chained up statue of a cute Boxer right out side the dog friendly doors.  I think the rooms are limited as I only saw one or two on each floor.       The Common's bar on the second floor is very elegant with high original sculpted ceilings.  They were found to be covered up during the renovation and simply too beautiful not to restore.  The food is excellent.  Mostly seafood dishes, but the Steak that comes with a side of bone marrow mac 'n cheese is exquisite.   If your into seafood, I recommend the lobster flatbread dish and the shrimp rolls.  Skip all other rolls, they won't compare. The lounge area (in the Common's Bar)  is cozy and relaxing with surrounding book selfs full of interesting antiques, but mainly full of funny dirty humor books.  At the end of the lounge sits a circular room filled with soft blue lighting to serve as a stage area for when live music is played.  Very entertaining, but I felt the band could have been turned down a bit.  I sat at one of the closer tables and it wasn't the best for conversation.  There were quite a few bearded hipsters sporting wool sweaters, skinny jeans and cowboys hats perfecting their poses to be discovered on Brandson scene; seeing as how everyone knew Richard was in town. I really can't wait to see this place in the summertime.  The roof deck bar looks amazing!
