This review is a bit delayed, but I do want to share and let everyone know that Wanderbikes are great, and that Brady and Damon are good guys and that you should check them out. Here is my story:  I was walking along a side street somewhere off the Magnificent Mile a few weeks ago, and happened upon this white bike that I had not seen before, locked on the street.  It was like the future, a white mixte frame with weird tube geometry, and a huge cyclo computer that was foreign to me, and it was a brand I had not heard of before.  For those who have not seen Wanderbikes in person, it was a Stromer.  I took some pics of it, with the intent to look it up when I had a chance.  As I am walking down the street, this guy comes running up and starts telling me about it, and it turns out its Brady, the President of the company.  He is visiting hotels in the area, to bring awareness to these cool looking bikes which are for rent.  It turns out these bikes are battery operated and power assisted! I was excited to tell my buddy about it later, and about how cool it might be to rent electric bikes for the day. A few hrs go by, and I am outside of the hotel I am staying at, and Brady rolls in, this time on a different bike.  Same Stromer brand, but this time it is a black bike, and its really stealth.  It just looks like a beefy mountain bike.  We talk again, and he offers to let me ride it around the parking area of the hotel.  There is a small incline, and the fact that the bike rides up it on its own is convincing enough for me to want to rent one. Here is where I skip a lot of the story, and cut to the end.  Long story short, my buddy and I rent bikes from North Ave Beach, and we have a blast.  We ended up logging almost 44 miles round trip, with a little juice still left in the battery.  We were told that we had about a 30mile range, but exceeded that number by easing up on the power assist.  We decided to head south along the lakefront, and ended up taking a lot of side detours along the lakefront, past the museums and  the golf course, through the wilds of South Chicago and the velodrome,  and to the power plant on the Indiana border and back.   The takeaway from this story is:  Brady and Damon of Wanderbikes are awesome.  Electric bikes are really fun.  Riding to Indiana on one of these Stromer bikes is possible.  You can bomb down the few hills along the lakefront, up those same hills without pedaling, ride switchback ramps, and down short stairs with silly grins all day.  You need to go rent these today.
