my boyfriend and I got a deal on a superior suite at the Allerton and were really excited to stay there! My grandma and grandpa had their honeymoon there back in the 40's so I felt very connected to the place. Upon arrival, everybody on staff was extremely friendly (even when I kept confusing the service  elevator with the guest elevator...they're right next to each other) and took a charge off my account right away when i pulled something out of the fridge to look at it, having never been in a hotel with a sensored fridge before. The superior suite was gorgeous! With a living room that included a couch, coffee table, television, and desk, and a bedroom which included a king sized bed, additional television, beautiful views of the city, and the bathroom. which leads me to my first and biggest problem of my entire stay---the bathroom. I didn't mind that it was tiny, I didn't mind that there was extremely limited counter space for my toiletries. I didn't even mind that the toilet resembled something out of a stall in my highschool. What I minded was the temperature. Though both the living room and bedroom were temperature controlled, the bathroom somehow managed to stay a solid 10 degrees below whatever I had the temperature set for the rest of the hotel. I'd be sweating in bed and shivering while i brushed my teeth. It was FRIGID and I'm extremely sensitive to the cold. I was pretty disappointed with the breakfast room service menu (they wanted F****ing 15 bucks for a bagel and cream cheese with coffee or something outrageous like that) but in the heart of the mag mile you really can't expect reasonable prices. The bar was beautiful, with skyline views, and friendly/prompt service. My stay at the Allerton was by no means a bust, I had great company, the bed was lovely, and I really enjoyed the view and the premium TV channels, but for the price I'd probably opt for something newer or something that at least had a pool or hot tub. And definitely somewhere that my feet won't turn blue when I go to use the john...that was the worst!
