HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.  Now I don't normally write reviews, but this company, errrrr should i say the driver they had hired, was complete crap.  We had hired Windy City Trolley for one of my good friends' Bachelorette Party.  The trolley showed up on time and took us around to the different destinations we had planned on.  Everything about that was fine...  We had asked the Trolley driver, Tim, prior to the evening, if at the end of the night we needed to take the leftover cocktails - liquor, beer, and champagne - with us, or if we could leave it with him and pick it up at a later date.  He was more than willing to hold onto the beverages himself for us to pick up the next day or week. Boy we we wrong.  After numerous phone calls to Tim directly, and after almost 3 weeks of trying to contact him with no avail, I thought he might be screening my calls.  So I had my roommate call from her phone.  Sure enough, he picks up, "hola!'  She proceeds to tell him that we have been trying to get a hold of him to pick up our leftover alcohol.  He proceeds to tell her that he drank it.  Yes, our trolley driver decided to help himself to our liquor.  Now I wouldn't be writing this review if it was just a bottle of wine or a couple of beers.  But that was not the case.  There was 2 cases of beer, several bottles of champagne, wine, 2 bottles of liquor, and 1 bottle of very expensive liquer that was actually given to the bachelorette as a gift that night!!!!!!!   AT LEAST $200 worth of alcohol, and our driver just decided to drink it for himself.  (not to mention the fact that he didn't sound sober on the phone either)   Needless to say, i will NEVER be using Windy City Trolley again for any of my events.  I frequently rent a trolley at least 3 times a year for birthdays and girls nights out, but will be using any company but this one!  I understand that technically the driver wasn't liable for taking care of our liquor, but it is clear that the drivers this company have hired have no morals or class whatsoever.
