I have now stayed at this hostel twice, once in July and once in November, and had a very good experience both times. Facility is very clean and secure, staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about the city, full of fun ideas about what to do in the city and where to eat. Location is just a block or two from Wrigley Field and the Addison stop on the Red Line; very convenient, just a short ride from the Loop. Change lines once and you can reach Union Station and the MegaBus stop. Free Wifi, plenty of outlets in the bedrooms to charge your devices, and computers to use to plan your day before you set out shopping or to the museums. There's even complimentary pancakes, fruit, and coffee or tea for breakfast! Nothing fancy but it's free and good. :-) There is a rec room with a pool table, a BYOB bar, a giant leather couch and a large television with plenty of channels where (lucky me!) I was able to catch the Liverpool FC match. There is also a good-sized back porch where many people congregated to eat/talk/drink when I was there in July, although it was a bit chilly in November. They have both private rooms and dorms, both gender-specific and co-ed. I stayed in a women's dorm during both stays and met some great girls, all very friendly and fun to hang out with. Chicago is known for its neighborhoods, and Wrigleyville is no exception. :-) There are a lot of sports bars in the area, and after a ballgame the stadium overflows with Cubs fans from around the world who flood the streets and many sports bars, creating an exciting and infectious atmosphere. Pretty much every kind of restaurant you can think of is a short walk or bus ride away; in the immediate neighborhood is also a used book and record shop, a vintage/surplus store, a Cubs/Bears/Blackhawks souvenir shop, a Starbucks and a Dunkin Donuts. There's a refrigerator and some cubbies to use to store food if you are planning a longer stay; I walked to a Jewel-Osco about six or seven blocks away but if I had to do it over again I might take a bus, especially with things to carry. Another reviewer stated that the hostel does not have many rooms; I wonder if they may have stayed in an off-peak season. I understand from a member of the desk staff that during the winter when there is less demand they rent out the upstairs rooms to small groups by the month and things may be a bit quieter; during the summer they open up all of the rooms by the night and there are many more people. Certainly the was plenty going on when I stayed there in the summer. A++ would recommend.
