First of all, I'm going to refer to this hotel as Hotel 71.  My husband and I had a block of rooms at Hotel 71 for our June 2013 wedding, and felt that since we were financially responsible for a huge percentage of the rooms whether our guests booked or not, we should have had the best experience possible.  We were super excited to stay at Hotel 71!  We live in Wisconsin, but got married in Chicago, and almost all of our guests had to travel for our wedding.  Hotel 71 was in a great area for visitors, and the room rates were very reasonable.  When we drove into Chicago, we realized that the name of Hotel 71 had changed!  No one told us this.  All of our guests were traveling, and were not familiar with Chicago.  We quickly rushed to tell our planner, and let everyone know as soon as possible.  We were perfectly happy with our rooms (my suite, and my husbands king the night of our wedding), nothing super special, but pretty great!  That's where the good ends.  Upon our arrival, we were told that valet would take 10 minutes.  Which was great, because I needed to pick up my wedding dress that day before the alterations shop closed!  However, upon texting the number a good 20 minutes before we needed the car, we still had no car.  We waited in line for almost an hour, and finally received our car, after being talked to extremely rudely by the Valet employee.  We received complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries on our check in night, which were delicious and so sweet, but then, on our first night, we were sitting on the couch in the living room, and discovered someone's UNDERWEAR laying on the ground, next to us!  We called to have the underwear removed, but didn't receive so much as an apology, or a room change.  We went to bed feeling kind of upset.   I'll mention our Guest Bags now (which we paid to have delivered).  Only half got delivered to our guests (and all guests were checked in, some even stayed two days and for some reason didn't get a guest bag).  We didn't find out about this until after our wedding, but the Guest Bags had some essential information in them as far as bus pick up for our wedding ceremony, and this mishap actually caused issues for at least one guest who missed the bus.   Things continued to be less than perfect.  The elevator was insanely slow, and it took forever to get from one room to another.  Not the greatest on your wedding day.  My husband actually ran up several flights of stairs to his room to get ready, due to the slow elevator.   The night of our wedding, which was one of the best days of our life, we planned on chilling in our suite with just a couple of friends.  We were actually told NO by the bell boy, who said we couldn't have more than 4 people in our room.  (Note, the people were our guests, maybe 5 or 6 people, who traveled from all over to come to our wedding).  They weren't going to sleep over, simply have one last drink before bed.  This was a pretty horrible ending to our wedding night. Upon checking out, we felt less than happy with this hotel.  Then several days later, we found out that many guests were having billing issues; not being billed the correct amount, being billed one amount, then it getting taken off, then being billed again; etc.  We also experienced billing issues.  Then we found out about the guests bags, which we were really sad about since we had custom bags made, and filled with some awesome stuff! In the end, we told them the issues, and were sent a gift certificate for a free nights stay.  Which is very nice, but really doesn't make up for the horrible experience that we and many guests had.
